What If Every School Had This Sign?. The Welcome Your Neighbor signs are transformative for both those who display them and those who see them.
Tiny Seal Pup Found Tangled In Fishing Net Saved In Heartwarming Rescue. Lobstermen for the win!
North Carolina Cops Respond To Party Complaint, Ride A Giant Waterslide Instead. These officers didn't break up the party. They joined it.
See The Slick Moves That Got India's 'Billy Elliot' Into One Of America's Top Ballet Schools. The son of a welder, 15-year-old Amir Shah has been learning ballet for just two years. But he's been hailed a prodigy.
Secrets To A Happy Marriage From A 99-Year-Old Couple On Their 80th Wedding Anniversary. Lovebirds Donald and Vivian Hart tied the knot in 1937.
Meet Brynneth Pawltro, Kentucky Town's New Pit Bull Mayor. This is Rabbit Hash's fourth canine mayor in a row.
Martha The Mastiff, 'World's Ugliest Dog,' Is Droopy, Gassy And Gorgeous. The 125-pound Neapolitan mastiff snoozed and snored as the judges crowned her the winner of the annual contest.
Dog Who Ran Away Amid Shooting At Congressional Baseball Practice Is Found. Daphne, a black and white pointer mix, was at a dog park adjacent to the site of the shooting when she was \scared off by the gunshots.\
A Look At The Most Dangerous Rope-Free Ascent Ever. In early June, acclaimed rock climber Alex Honnold became the first person to scale the 3,000-foot granite wall known as
Hero Saves Cat From The Thames. \Find that man, Twitter ... just find him. Character is how you behave when no one is watching.\
Video Shows Dramatic Rescue From Truck Flipped During Flood. \I've got a baby! Call 911!\
Video Captures Dramatic San Francisco Cliff Rescue. The man is airlifted to a nearby parking lot, and walks away with a few minor bruises.
Man Takes Risky Plunge To Save His Dog From Icy Pond Because ... LOVE. \It's a split-second thing. You're not going to let him die, right?\
10 Steps To Overcoming FOMO. It\u2019s easier than you think.
Dramatic Video Shows Hero Rescuing Fallen Man On Subway Tracks. Jonathan Kulig jumped down to save the man with barely a minute to spare.
Just 18 Snoozing Animal Photos To Take Your Mind Off Politics. Labradoodle puppies ahead.
Bridging The Divide At The Checkout Line. I have a confession
Law Enforcement K-9 Can't Hide How Much He Loves His Partner. Kenobi held it together at the end, but this cuddle pup is not fooling anyone.
Beyond the Symbolism of the Women's March. 
The Lunar New Year Isn't Only For Chinese People. From Korea to Vietnam, lion dances and lantern ceremonies are a sight to behold.
Miserable Cat With 5 Pounds Of Matted Fur Undergoes Incredible Transformation. It took two rounds of haircuts to free Sinbad from his prison of neglected fur and garbage.
Community Teams Up To Save Cat Found Hanging From Garage Door. Bella the cat is either very lucky or very unlucky, depending on how you look at it.
Meet The Adorable Newborn Elephant That Just Joined Disney's Herd. Animal Kingdom announced the little girl's birth on Wednesday. They've named her Stella. \ud83d\udc18
How An Obama Cut-Out Is Helping Me Survive A Trump Presidency. Thank you for #BarackingAround with me.
8 Great Secrets You Can Learn From A Dog. My dogs have taught me some secrets about living well, lessons I\u2019ve been eager to learn and pass on.
Rick Perry to be Head of Department of Energy. 
Transformational Parenting. 
Mom Walks 26 Miles In Freezing Wilderness To Help Save Family. After running out of food, she ate twigs to survive.
Pearl Jam's Eddie Vedder, Hundreds Of Others, Just Made This Family's Christmas. The singer donated $10,000 to a family in need.
George Michael's Last Christmas. 
Guy Records Heartwarming Moment He Surprised His Mom For Christmas. Here come the tears.
Pregnant Server Gets A $900 Tip Just In Time For Christmas. \u201cYou always hear about these [things] happening, but you never expect to be the recipient of it.\
Animal Shelter Celebrates When All Of Its Dogs Are Adopted In Time For Christmas. So many happy pooches!
This Burger King Will Turn Your Unwanted Xmas Gift Into A Whopper. And that's just one way to charitably regift presents this season.
The 10 Most Uplifting Moments Of 2016. We cried some happy tears this year.
Cindy Stowell's Brilliance \u2014 How Jeopardy! Inspires A Legacy. 2016 has been a rough year. We\u2019ve been bombarded by one depressing and/or alarming news story after another, and so many
Chick-Fil-A Cashier In Neck Brace, Sling Has Extraordinary Reason To Work. Jakeem Tyler, who had been injured in a car accident, returned to work to raise money for the homeless.
Quick-Thinking Off-Duty Firefighter Saves Restaurant Full Of People From Carbon Monoxide. Lonnie Wimmer recognized the symptoms, and he took action.
This Blind, Deaf Poodle Greets Every Day With A Joyful Spirit. Margaux's family says she's an inspiration to them.
Muslim-Owned Restaurant Offers Free Christmas Dinners To The Elderly And Homeless. \No one eats alone on Christmas Day.\
Transforming Despair into Solutions. 
'Unadoptable' Sad-Faced Cat Shows That Everyone Deserves A Chance. BenBen the cat is now loving life.
Texas Cops Spread Holiday Cheer By Handing Out Turkeys Instead Of Tickets. That's the spirit!
11 Signs President Obama Is Basically An Honorary Asian. Barry eats pho, grew up in Indonesia and married a lawyer.
Hundreds Join Man And Dog For Their Final Walk On The Beach Together. It was a celebration of Walnut the whippet's long life.
Zoo Streaming Red Pandas All Day To Ease Election Day Panda-monium. Something adorable for your anxiety.
Veteran With PTSD Reunited With Dog That Was Stolen From Family's Yard. The 8-month-old German shepherd was returned unharmed.
Condescending Liberals And A Guitar-Playing Officer Entertained NYC Marathon Runners. And he's really good!
These Feline Portraits Show A Haven For Cats And Kids In War-Torn Aleppo. \u201cThere is a firm bond between humanitarianism and caring for animals.\
Cubs Fan Listens To World Series At Dad's Grave, Fulfilling Pact. \He would have said, \u2018I told ya, I told you they woulda won,\u2019\u201d Wayne Williams said.
Hundreds Of Scarves Hung In Veterans' Park To Bundle Those In Need. Tis the season.
Hero Cop Rescues Kid Riding His Toy Car Through Real Traffic. The little boy was heading the wrong way up a busy street.
Kittens Recovering After Photographer Rescued Them From Brush Fire. \I had to shield myself with my jacket to even attempt to grab her.\
Lab Rescued From Well After Doggy Pal Found Spot Where He Fell. Bruno spent 27 days stuck in the well, eating snow to survive.
Woman And Her Dog Slay Halloween With Most Excellent 'Wayne's World' Costumes. Party on, Garth!
Evil Genius Mom Came Up With The Perfect Rules To Keep Heating Bills Down. \ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02
High School Volleyball Player Slays National Anthem After Recording Fails. She. Brought. It.
Teen Who Died Battling Cancer Gets Honored With Homecoming King Crown. \u201cI don\u2019t know who would\u2019ve wanted the king spot, but they sacrificed it so Nick could have it.\u201d
Hundreds Support Teen Cancer Survivor Who Used Her 'Make-A-Wish' To Host Food Drive. Together, they donated over 13,000 pounds of food.
Pizza Deliveryman Checks On Stranger's Grandma After Hurricane. With pizza, anything is possible. \ud83c\udf55
Chris Pratt, Perfect Human Being, Hangs Out With Patients At Children's Hospital. Adorable.
Parents Ask Cop To Be Godfather After He Saved Their Choking Baby. \Out of my 25 years being a cop this is my greatest and most profound accomplishment.\
Woman Perfectly Breaks Down Why She's Not 'Just' A Nurse. She says we all need to give ourselves more credit for what we do.
Random Online Photo Leads To Navy Veteran's Rescue From Flooded House. Here's what happens when social media is used for good.
Bald Eagle Survives Hurricane Matthew, Then Gets Stuck In Car Grille. Incredibly, the bird didn't suffer any serious injuries from its ordeal.
During The Debate, These Two Did The Unthinkable And United The Country. Bone-Becker 2016?
This Letter About Ducks Totally Nails A Huge Problem With Pit Bull Bans. \I have attached a photo of some of my ducks.\
Kids In Hospitals Get Free Dance Classes To Lift Their Spirits. The classes are customized to meet patients' needs and abilities.
Boy Mows Lawns To Buy Gravestone For Father He Never Met. \u201cI felt like I should do this for him, and that he\u2019d be proud of me.\u201d
Airbnb Users Are Offering Free Rooms To Hurricane Matthew Evacuees. The site activated its disaster response tool this week in advance of the massive storm.
Hello Kitty Wine Is A Thing. Cheers To That.. As if we needed another reason to drink wine...
America's Biggest Mall Will Close On Thanksgiving So People Can Be With Family. The Mall of America wants to \give this day back\ to its workers.
Real-Life Merman Is Living The Fab Life We've Always Dreamed Of. We want to be part of his world!
Watch Teachers Tell Students Just How Much They Mean To Them In Powerful Video. \u201cYou inspire me to come to work everyday and I wanted to tell you that I appreciate you.\u201d
UN To Launch Space Mission For Nations That Can\u2019t Afford Programs. And they\u2019ll do it on a spacecraft called \u201cDream Chaser.\u201d
Girl, 8, Is Youngest Person Accepted To This University, Thanks To Powerful Viral Video. Way to go, Jordin!
Cop Gets On Level With Boy Having A Bad Day, Wipes His Tears. \It wasn't a cop moment. It was a mother moment.\
Hillary Clinton-Inspired Flash Mob Is Pro-Pantsuit, Anti-Donald Trump. We're pretty sure the Democratic nominee would approve this message.
These Dudes Are Turning The Tables On Girlfriends Who Steal Their Hoodies. These guys have an official battle cry
\u2018Large And In Charge\u2019 Cat Photos Spotlight Felines Who Have More To Love. So a-mew-sing.
Watch The Magical Moment A Whale Breaches Right Next To Swimmers. Just... wow.
This 3-Year-Old's Makeup Tutorial Trumps A Smoky Eye Video Any Day. \I\u2019m going to start with this eyelashes thing.\
Toddler Imitates Irish Dancer For Adorable Street Performance Duet. So cute!
Colorado To Use Pot Tax To Fund Anti-Bullying Programs In Schools. Kind bud, indeed.
Homeless Learn Coding, Job Skills In Programs That Help Provide Fresh Start. \u201cIt has given them the dignity to go back to their families with pride.\u201d
This Unicorn-Themed Caf\u00e9 Is Everything We've Ever Wanted In Life. Hold your horses!!
Man Who Was Paralyzed Receives Experimental Treatment, Can Now Use Hands. A stem cell treatment proves to be life changing.
Woman Returns $5,000 She Found Inside Pizza Box, Gets Tasty Reward. Honesty was the best policy for Selena Avalos.
Big-Hearted Teen Surprises Coach With The Air Jordans He Always Wanted. \Oh man, I've wanted these since I was in sixth grade and I never got 'em.\
These Joyful Former Lab Chimps Just Can't Get Enough Watermelon. \u201cThey were all so polite with each other.\
Teen Takes Her South Dakota High School's 'Ranch Day' To The Next Level. Meet Ranch Girl, the internet's new sweetheart.
Man Uses McDonald's Monopoly Tickets To Feed Those In Need. Genius.
This Store Lets You Pay What You Can For Groceries That Would Otherwise Be Tossed. It's saving perfectly good food from going to waste.
Lost Dalmatian Found Spot-On Place To Wait For His Humans. Well, hot dog!
Brits Kick Butt. Officials say only one in six people in the country smoke.
This Cafe Makes It A Point To Hire Workers With Autism. \u201cTo be able to work here and get treated with respect really changes my life.\
Donations Pour In For Homeless Man, Friend Who Found New Jersey Bombs. \u201cI was glad I was able to do something to keep other people from being hurt.\u201d
Landscaper In Canada Becomes King In Ghana, Still Mows Lawns. He's working to send money back home.
Farmer Turning Cattle Ranch Into Animal Sanctuary So Cows Won't Be Slaughtered. Now his cows will all have full, happy lives.
Stranger Takes Out Cash So Homeless Woman Can Buy Ticket To See Family. \Everyone can dig deep, or do something small, to help someone out.\
Starbucks Worker Pays It Forward At Manhattan Bomb Scene. \I wish I could give a little more.\
Former Foster Kid Helps Students In Similar Situation Move Into College. He was alone on his move-in day, but these incoming freshmen don't have to be.
This Woman Is Feeding Thousands In Need By Couponing Like A Boss. She wants to feed 30,000 people by her thirtieth birthday.
Tiny One-Eyed Chihuahua Inspires Music In Young Man Homebound With Tourette Syndrome. The story of Darius and Harley is perhaps among the most unique.
Stray Kittens Born Without Eyelids Get A Second Chance Thanks To Strangers. Now they've got their sights set on a forever home.
Teacher's Guide To Coping With Stress Is The Reading We All Need. Which five things can you start doing today?
Paralympian Made TV Host Who Wears Prosthetic Leg \u2018Proud To Be Disabled'. \u201cHis attitude to disability is unlike anything I\u2019ve ever heard before.\u201d
These Teachers Help Underserved Students Get Basic Supplies. \u201cThey can ask for help with dignity.\u201d
100-Year-Old Tortoise\u2019s Sex Drive Saved His Species From Extinction. Diego, the tortoise, has 800 children.
Man FaceTimes Wrong Number, Makes Friends With Random Kid. This is the beginning of a beautiful (and pretty weird) friendship.
Teen Rocks T. Rex Costume, Crowned Homecoming Queen. It's like a heartwarming\u00a0\u201990s  teen movie in the making.
400 Students Surprise Teacher Battling Cancer With Sweet Serenade. \It was amazing. In that moment, it felt like I was not alone.\u201d
Firefighter Honors 9/11 Victims, Climbs 110 Stair Flights In Full Gear At Gym. \u201cI did it because it felt right.\u201d
STEM Student Calculates Angle Of Her Dab As Only A Math Lover Would. The answer to \When are we ever going to need math in life?\
Try To Find The 12 Dots In This Grid And You'll Swear You're Hallucinating. This is trippy.
Teen Wins Free Pizza For A Year, Gives It To Homeless Kids Instead. Melty cheese, melting hearts. \ud83d\udc95
Jacob Wetterling's Loved Ones Exude Strength And Grace After Killer\u2019s Confession. \I feel Jacob and the goodness of him all around me.\
Group Starts Movement To Honor Jacob Wetterling, Boy Whose Remains Were Found. \u201cI hope the word gets back to the Wettlerlings ... that we stand with them.\
Football Team Gives Cheerleader With Cancer A Colorful Surprise. Orange is the color for leukemia awareness.
UFC Fighter Comes To Injured 6-Year-Old's Rescue After Hiking Fall. Miesha Tate called Sunday's rescue \u201cone of the most rewarding days of my athletic career.\u201d
This Stubborn Pooch Is All Of Us Not Wanting To Get Out Of Bed. At least we get coffee...
Woman Adopts 4 Senior Chihuahuas Who Are Still Full Of Puppy Love. \With senior pups, you never have to nap alone.\
Boy With Autism Reunites With College Football Player From Viral Lunch Photo. The FSU player surprised the sixth grader with a custom jersey and tickets to a game.
Baby Wallaby Kicks Well-Meaning Kayaker In The Head During Sea Rescue. Ouch!
Humble Cop Touches Hearts With Selfless Gesture For Homeless Man. Brent Gaither didn\u2019t do it for the publicity, which makes him even more of a hero.
Blind Dog Gets By With A Little Help From Best Pomeranian Friend. They are the \Fluffy Duo.\
Rescuers Pull Dog From Rubble 10 Days After Italy's Earthquake. Incredibly, the golden retriever called Romeo was not injured in the ordeal.
Classmates Take Field Trip To Girl's Adoption Ceremony, Shower Her With Love. Best first day of school ever.
Librarian Who Amassed Millions By Living Humbly Leaves Entire Fortune To College. \His whole life was the library.\
Good Samaritans Rescue Stray Dog From A Ridiculously Tight Spot. The pup got her head stuck in a hole while searching for food.
This Nonprofit's Shelter Pup Sleepovers Aim To Help Spur Adoption. This is really upping the sleepover game.
High School Football Team Recruits Female Player. This kicker seriously kicks butt.
Therapy Golden Retriever Helps Comfort Rape Victims During Counseling Sessions. \u201cLily\u2019s just totally nonjudgemental no matter what you\u2019re saying. She\u2019s just happy to be present,\ the dog's handler says.
These Women Started A Free Book Share On Their City's Public Transportation. The morning commute just got more interesting.
College Football Player Spots Boy Sitting Alone At Lunch And Joins Him. \u201cThis is one day I didn\u2019t have to worry if my sweet boy ate lunch alone,\ the child's overjoyed mom said.
Beloved McDonald's Fry Cook Honored With Huge Retirement Party. After 32 years, Freia David is hanging up her apron.
It's Impossible Not To Forgive This Dude For His Brilliant Apology Present. Boyfriends, girlfriends, spouses, and friends, take note. :p
Orphaned Orangutan's Story Shows Why We Need Responsible Palm Oil Policies. \u201cHe\u2019s one of the lucky survivors of conflict palm oil expansion but his fate is not the norm.\u201d
Boy Buys Sandwiches For Police Using Hard-Earned Allowance. It was one of many sweet things he did on \u201cKindness Day.\u201d
Airborne Rally Car Misses Hitting World's Luckiest Dog By Just Inches. Aren't cats supposed to be the ones with nine lives?
Man's Facebook Post Got 500 People To Come To Struggling Restaurant In 1 Day. His review got business booming.
This Man Made An Airbnb For Refugees Looking For A Place To Stay. And it's free.
The Hilarious Hipster Classifieds You'll (Probably) Never See Online. \For sale or barter
How A Tiny Crippled Street Dog 'Spoke' And Found A Special Home. When we brought him home, it was as if he had always been with us.
Castaways Rescued After Writing Out Enormous 'SOS' In The Sand. Two people were stranded on a Pacific desert island for a week.
Compassionate Officers Send Fallen Cop's Kids Off To First Day Of School. A powerful tribute to a beloved colleague.
Prince William Gives Moving Advice To Teen Who Lost His Mom To Cancer. \It\u2019s OK for you to miss her.\u201d
Library Used Its 3D Printer To Make Prosthetic Hand For Girl. She told her sister, \Now we can hold hands.\
Teen Recreates Old Photo For School ID, Slays The #TBT Game. This is the throwback to end all throwbacks.
Adorable 9-Year-Old Just Wants Louisiana Flood Victims To Have A Good Slice Of Pizza. A little bit of Domino's goes a long way.
This First-Year Teacher\u2019s Rap Is Now On Our Playlist, No Joke. This will get stuck in your head -- in a good way!
Teen With Autism Is A World-Class, Record-Breaking Runner. He can run a mile in under four minutes.
Hero Cop Catches Kids Jumping From Burning Home's Second-Story Window. \You could see the fear on their faces as they were coming down.\
'Grandma Uber' Helps Women Get Home Safely After A Fun Night Out. \u201cIt\u2019s every young woman\u2019s right to have fun, be young and enjoy life.\u201d
Vet Works Out With 10-Year-Old Amputee, Says Boy's Willpower Is Inspiring. \u201cHe was trying to show Diego he can rise above his own hardships.\u201d
Olympic Runners Who Collided During Race Get Sportsmanship Award. Abbey D\u2019Agostino and Nikki Hamblin were honored for showing true Olympic spirit.
Toddler Survives Boat Crash By Floating In Air Pocket For Nearly An Hour. The 23-month-old was in a boat with her family that capsized Friday night.
Mom Schools Everyone Her First Time Using Family WhatsApp Group. Don't forget where you came from.
Orlando Survivor Angel Colon Takes First Steps By Himself Since Tragedy. A picture of strength.
J.K. Rowling Tweets Hilarious Response To Confusing Olympic Sport. And millions of Quidditch fans start dreaming of gold medals.
For Her 105th B-Day, All She Wanted Was A 'Burly, Tattooed Firefighter'. This was one hot celebration! \ud83d\udd25
Policeman Does Routine To Beyonce's \u2018Formation,\u2019 And It's So Lit. Bey would be proud. \ud83d\udea8
Louisiana Couple Cooks Barbecue For Entire Shelter Of Flood Victims. \When you hand someone a serving tray of food, it\u2019s like handing them a hug, smile and handshake all at once.\
Louisiana Residents Show Devastating Floods Can't Destroy Their Resilience. \There was people who knew they lost everything, but if they was able to help other people they was doing it.\
John Stamos Honors Beloved Dog Who Died In Sweet Instagram Post. \Never judging. By my side.\
Famous Signs Are Suddenly Missing Letters To Prove A Crucial Point. Hmmm... Where did the A\u2019s, B\u2019s, and O\u2019s go?!
Couple Didn't Have Funds For A Wheelchair, So They Built One For Their Baby. \u201cNothing can stop her.\u201d
Dude Takes The Trippiest Picture After He Sees His Phone Background IRL. What?! How?!
Pokemon Go Players Hooked On Catching Woman\u2019s Crocheted Creatures. Crochet Go!
Allies Offer To Walk Muslims To Mosque After New York Shooting. #IllWalkWithYou
Harrowing Video Shows Baton Rouge Woman, Dog Pulled From Sinking Car. The rescue is one of thousands that's taken place amid \unprecedented\ flooding in Louisiana, the governor said.
Adorable 4-Eared Cat Named 'Batman' Finds Forever Home. The 3-year-old's eerie resemblance to the caped crusader easily captured hearts -- and found him a new family.
Children's Choir Surprises Disney Princess With Incredible A Cappella. The African Children's Choir's performance moved Belle to tears.
Homeless Person Defends Man From Thieves Who Wanted His Wheelchair. John \u201cTriston\u201d Stubbs has cerebral palsy and already had been robbed earlier in the night.
Girls At Firefighter Camp Extinguish Sexist Stereotypes. \ud83d\udcaa
'Pok\u00e9mon Go' Brings Life Back To Struggling Local Ice Cream Shop. \u201cThe Pokey light shines down on me!\u201d
You'll Wonder Why You Never Napped Like This Commuter On The Train. This is how you ensure you get your beauty sleep on the train.
Boy Offers To Mow Lawns For Money To Buy School Supplies, Gets Surprise In Return. \u201cIt started out with helping my momma out so she can pay her bills and I can buy my own school supplies.\u201d
Instead Of B-Day Gifts, This Boy Asks For Shoes For People In Need. He's donated 600 pairs so far.
Supermarket Has The Best Response To Complaint About Dead Worm. Rest in peace, William the worm.
\u2018Stranger Things' Intro Gets Smiley, Hug-Filled 80s Sitcom Makeover. Because what\u2019s one more \u201980s reference, anyway?
All-Girls T-Ball Team Takes On Boys, Is Nobody's 'Sweetie'. \u201cMy goal is to let them know that these girls are just as good, just as talented, just as powerful as any boy out there.\u201d
Dude Makes His Own Olympics Because Not Everyone Can Be A World Champ. He gets a gold medal in comedy.
Bride Gets Walked Down The Aisle By A Man With Her Father's Heart In Tearful Ceremony. Jeni Stepien heard her deceased father's heart beat for the first time since his death.
Singapore Prime Minister's Wife Rocks A Dinosaur Clutch At White House. This $11 bag is dino-mite and was made by a student with autism.
Uber Driver To See Son Compete In Olympics, Thanks To Passenger. \I cant wait to see him and encourage him in person and let him know I'm 100 percent in his corner.\
Why You Should Focus On Building Your Life Instead Of Your Resume. \Our value is not created by price of our clothes or our bank balance or the job title we have.\
A Letter From My Wife On The Anniversary Of My Autism Diagnosis. Ours is a story that defies the myth that autism and love cannot coexist.
These Cats Outgrew Their Bed, But They'll Never Outgrow Each Other. Best friends fur-ever.
Dog Confiscated Under Anti-Pit Bull Law Returns Home. His owner launched a paw-some social media campaign to save him.
Teens Ask For Summer Jobs After Gangs Try To Recruit Them. \u201cI hired them on the spot! The streets will not have our children!\u201d
Boy With Rare Illness Holds On Long Enough To Become Honorary Marine. \u201cI truly feel that Wyatt has faced more hardship than any Marine has gone through.\
Jeremy Lin's 'Space Jam 3' Anime Spoof Is Out Of This World. \I'm not Michael Jordan.\
Couple Reunited With Wedding Ring Lost In Hawaii Thanks To GPS Coordinates. The numbers inscribed inside the ring helped it find its way back to Kansas.
Pup Who Chewed Off Own Foot Has Successful Surgery Thanks To Donations. Now he\u2019s looking for a fur-ever home.
Brave Bulldog Tries To Save Girl In Horror Movie From Certain Trouble. A fierce protector.
Support Pours In For 4-Year-Old Whose Prosthetic Was Stolen. What a beautiful show of generosity.
Guy Reveals To His Buddy He's A Kidney Match. Cue Happy Tears. \u201cI heard urine need of a kidney, want mine?\u201d
Boy With Cystic Fibrosis Gets Wish To Be Garbage Man During 'Best Day Ever'. The cutest garbage man we ever did see!
Officer Washes Blind, Homeless Man's Feet. \u201cIt\u2019s just helping your fellow man.\
Man Gets Kidney From Fellow Judge And BFF, Says She Gave Him Back His Life. \There\u2019s no way you could repay that.\u201d
'Pok\u00e9mon Of New York' Parodies 'HONY' And It's Perfectly Charming. \We're all weird monsters.\
Celebrate National Mutt Day By Telling Us Why You Love Your Pooch. In honor of National Mutt Day \u2015 a day for \u201cembracing, saving and celebrating mixed breed dogs\u201d that happens twice a year
App Wants To Send DNC\u2019s 50,000 Attendees\u2019 Leftovers To Those In Need. And it's as easy as apple pie.
On 18th Birthday, Bindi Irwin Shares Photo Of Steve Irwin Full Of 'Love And Light'. Happy 18th birthday, Bindi!
Hospice Nurse's Moving Adele Rendition Goes Viral For All The Right Reasons. Emma Young's performance moved patients to tears.
The Most Heartwarming Image From The Republican National Convention. Two toddlers, oblivious to the politics, were pictured playing in a fountain.
This Nurse Had The Best Response When Asked If Her Rainbow-Colored Hair Affects Her Job. \I can\u2019t recall a time that my hair color has prevented me from providing life saving treatment to one of my patients.\
Elderly Stranger Pays For Man's Groceries In Beautiful Moment Of Solidarity. \u201cLove does exist in the world.\u201d
The Unexpected Effect 'Pok\u00e9mon Go' Had On A Boy With Autism. \Something is suddenly happening, and whatever it is, it is MAGIC.\u201d
Dog Given Months To Live Takes Epic Road Trip. She's seen Niagara Falls and the sunny shores of Florida.
Near-Blind Shelter Dog Gets By With The Help Of 'Seeing-Eye Collie'. The best friends are looking for a home where they can always be together.
This Guy Is Living Inside A Kennel For 2 Days To Help Homeless Pets. For 48 hours, he's eating out of a dog bowl, walking on a leash and getting headscratches from volunteers.
Student Deals With Breakup In A Way Only A Boss Lady Could. Gold.
Girl Terrified Of Flying Gets VIP Treatment From Hero Flight Attendant. Flight attendant of the year.
Baton Rouge Woman Prays With \u2018Someone Outside My Race,\u2019 Sends Message Of Solidarity. She joined hands with a sheriff's deputy for this powerful moment.
This Girl Made An Awesome 'Ghostbusters' Costume And Is Our New Shero. She even got a shoutout from the movie's director.
People Tweeted Old Notes They Wrote On Their Phones And They\u2019re Beyond. \In queso emergency, I pray to cheesus.\ \ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02
Harry Potter Fans Want Their Own 'Pokemon Go' And Will Cast A Spell If They Have To. Accio Firebolt!
This Hilarious 'Pokemon Go' Note Sums Up How All The Olds Feel. \u201cSTAY OUT OF MY YARD.\u201d
'Star Wars' Fans' Rendition Strikes A Chord With Composer John Williams. The Force is strong with these musicians.
Leave It Up To A Parent To Get A Teen To Do Chores Through Pok\u00e9mon Go. Mom
Viral Photo Of Simple, Kind Gesture Offers Reminder To Stay United. \u201cKindness is something we all need to give to each other right now and let this man be an example.\u201d
Black Lives Matter Protest Becomes BBQ And Real Talk With Police. This is progress.
After TV Host Uses Motherhood To Justify Bigotry, Moms Clap Back On Twitter. You tell 'em, moms!
Manatee Drops By To Say Hi To Girl On A Paddleboard. He\u2019s not sure how to say this, but around these parts, he\u2019s kind of a big deal.
This Super Chill Manatee Just Wants To Hang Out. Meet the chillest sea cow in the sea.
Fire Crews Save Cat Found Dangling From Grate By Her Neck. The poor creature was barely breathing when firefighters arrived on the scene.
Chris Pratt\u2019s Son Is Adorably Diplomatic About Dad\u2019s Bad Pancake Art. \ud83d\ude4a\ud83d\ude4a\ud83d\ude4a
This Big Dog And Little Bird Are Inseparable Pals. But in general, please leave helping wildlife up to the experts.
Group Buys Fishing Net So Others Can't, Will Save Up To 10,000 Sharks. A jaw-dropping move.
Teen Has Perfect Comeback To Tweet About How Muslims Can't Eat Bacon. A spot-on and classy response.
After Dallas Shooting, Trained Comfort Dogs Offer Emotional Support. In times of tragedy, these trained dogs offer a form of emotional support.
Jimmy Carter Takes Sweet Selfies With Young Fellow Cancer Survivor. \u201cIt\u2019s just been incredibly uplifting to be able to experience a trip like this and be free from everything Carter has been going through.\u201d
Animal Shelter Wants Pokemon Go Players To Walk Dogs. Here's one way to make the game even better.
Boston Bombing Survivor Donates High-Tech Blade Feet To 5-Year-Old Amputee. \It was important to me to be able to give back in that way and help other people get what I have.\u201d
Woman Says Pokemon Go Is The Reason She Could Help A Boy In Distress. \I never would\u2019ve been in the right place at the right time to see this little guy needed help.\u201d
Girls\u2019 Lemonade Stand Raises $10,000 For Slain Dallas Police Officers. \u201cIt feels good to know we are making a difference in people\u2019s lives.\u201d
Taylor Swift Shows Everyone\u2019s In Her Squad With Visit To Children\u2019s Hospital. A precious pit stop during her Australian trip.
The FOMO Is Real For People Who Don't Have Pokemon Go. Many are suffering behind the glow of their smartphones.
Muslim Teen Responds To Hateful Islamophobes With Dance Party Full Of Love And Life. \u201cAll I have to say is, this is a world that\u2019s so full of hate lately and it\u2019s up to us to realize that it doesn\u2019t have to be. We can come together.\u201d
Internet Sends Superhero Sketches To Support Boy Who Has Cancer. \u201cWe hope that this reinforces the idea that he is just as strong, if not stronger, than any of the superheroes.\u201d
Disney Emojis Are Coming Soon And They're Game Changers. Prepare for texts filled with Buzz Lightyear.
Birthday Girl Buys Local Cops Lunch After Seeing Dallas Shooting On TV. Samya McLaughlin, 9, spent her birthday money on the heartwarming gesture.
Buddhist Monks Buy Lobsters Destined For The Dinner Table And Set Them Free. They released 600 pounds of the crustaceans back into the ocean.
Chewbacca Mom Sings Heartfelt Song In Grief Over Latest Violence. She turned to Michael Jackson's \Heal the World.\
Injured Baby Beaver Enjoys Some R&R After Golf Course Rescue. Cuteness alert!
Mega Millions Winning Ticket Sold In Indiana, Worth $540 Million. The jackpot is the the seventh largest in U.S. lottery history.
This Activist Wants You To Rethink Ugly Produce. An oddly shaped vegetable is still perfectly edible!
'Texts From My Cats' Shows Felines In All Their Adorable Kookiness. ROFLMEOW.
Whales Chase Dolphins In A Playful Game Of Tag. \You're it!\ \ud83d\udc2c \ud83d\udc33
Burrito Boyz Serves Hot Meals To Homeless People In San Diego. They've provided more than 132,000 meals to people in need.
Just Look At These Painfully Adorable Mountain Lion Kittens. The little cubs have a lot of challenges ahead.
Veterans Mentor Chicago's At-Risk Youth, Help Them Cope With Trauma. \We help them focus on channeling that into becoming part of the solution and learning that their experiences don't define them.\
Dog Trapped For 5 Weeks On Freeway Median Adopted By Cop Who Saved Her. Dog dubbed \n\u2018Freeway Frida\u2019 finally has a home.
Puppies Discover Their Reflections, Try To Play With New Friend. Cute dogs doing cute things.
Hedgehog Champion Could Be The Cutest Job Around. Where do we apply?
Orlando Sheriff's Office Gets Down In Hilarious 'Keep Dancing' Video. They're busting more than just crime.
Sharp-Shooting Army Veteran Saves Bald Eagle Stuck Up A Tree. \Fourth of July, you know, that's our bird. I can't let it sit there.\
Cop Quietly Pays For Family's Essentials After Shoplifting Bust. \These officers do these type of things a lot, but we don't always know about it.\
Low-Income Shoppers Now Get Discount At California Farmer Markets. A fresh idea.
Man Proudly Displays Ostomy Bag, Urges Others To Not Be Ashamed. \Life is so much more worth living when you're not always ashamed of, or trying to hide, the equipment that's keeping you alive.\
This Sneaky Wine Purse Is The Answer To Every Wino's Prayers. ChardonYAY!
Fed Up Cops Have The Perfect Solution For People Who Leave Dogs In Hot Cars. Perpetrators will receive one free ride, courtesy of the Pensacola Police Department.
Vet Clinic Pays Tribute To Late Pup In Sweetest Way. So personal. So poignant.
Boy Spends His Allowance On Hundreds Of Books For Inmates. Bravo, Tyler!
This Family Of Surfing Pigs Is A Pixar Movie Waiting To Happen. This little piggy went to the beach...
Girl Writes Compassionate Letter To West Virginia Flood Victims. Sometimes simple kindness is exactly what you need.
Loyal Dog Saves Owner During House Fire, And He Returns The Favor. Bailey the dog alerted her owner to the blaze, but she needed some help getting out herself.
Dick Van Dyke Leads Magical Sing-Along At Walt Disney's Childhood Home. Cue the pangs of nostalgia.
Bon Jovi Surprises Fan Who Has Cancer, Proving Rock Star Status. \She has been randomly crying since it happened,\ said the daughter of Bon Jovi fan Carol Cesario.
Powerball Winners Build A Fire Station For Small Town, Keep Winning. \I'm proud to be part of that,\ Mark Hill says.
Big-Hearted 11-Year-Old Knits 50 Hats For Kids With Cancer. \It's really about giving back to them and giving them something to make them feel better.\
Shelter Fakes Dog's Death To Free Her From Abusive Owner. Lucy's great escape took her from Egypt to Philadelphia, all with a broken jaw.
Sweet Dog Greets Family With Heart-Shaped Cushion Every Day. We \u2764\ufe0f this pup.
Cops Hilariously Troll Teen Looking For A Fake ID On Twitter. A modern day McLovin.
Selena Gomez Has Adorable Dance-Off With 7-Year-Old Who Has Rare Illness. We want to dance with Selena and Audrey too!
Diners Can Give Their Leftovers To People In Need With Special To-Go Boxes. Just some #FoodForThought.
'Keep Dancing Orlando' Is The Beautiful Tribute City Needs Right Now. The viral video will make you smile and cry.
Grown-Ass Woman Submits Portrait To Newspaper Callout For Kids, Hilarity Ensues. \ud83e\udd14\ud83e\udd14\ud83e\udd14
David Duchovny Wants You To Film Your Dog Licking Your Face. It\u2019s for a good cause.
Stray Kitten Steals Spotlight During Live Broadcast. Meet Lucky Seven, your new favorite TV personality!
Doctor To Run Across The U.S. In Support Of Kids' Health Care. Levi Rizk will run more than 3,000 miles to raise funds for two mobile clinics, which will be dedicated to uninsured children.
Andrew Lloyd Weber Donates $1.3 Million To Underfunded Art Programs. Music to our ears.
Stranger On Bus Shuts Down Bigot After His Ignorant Comment To Muslim Mom. \It shows people are willing to stand up to ignorance and hate on behalf of others.\
Watch Kids Read Moving Love Letters To Their Incarcerated Dads. \u201cI can\u2019t wait for you to be out here, and for us to try to make up the past 13 years.\u201d
'Chewbacca Mom' Scores Her Own Laughing 'Star Wars' Action Figure. The Wookiee toy features 13 catchphrases including \I am such a happy Chewbacca.\
Rainbow Makes Poignant Appearance Over Orlando Vigil. \You know that's a sign.\
Selfless Schoolboys Spot A Retiree Struggling With Yardwork, Finish It For Him. The students came together after noticing an 81-year-old man trying to move his woodpile.
Feisty French Bulldog Can't Walk, But He's As Playful As Any Puppy. The dog is undergoing treatment for a brain condition that affects his balance.
Starved Dogs Thrown From Van Are Learning To Trust Humans Again. Raiz, Tierra and Bosque are on the road to recovery.
'Superhero' Cops Save Boy With Autism's Birthday After No Kids Show Up. \I truly believe we have the best of the best here in North Port.\
Hundreds Of Officers Attend Funeral For WWII Veteran With No Family. \u201cOnce you\u2019re NYPD we\u2019ll never forget you.\u201d
After Boy Is Killed By Gator At Disney, His Hometown Unites To Support Family. \As a neighborhood, we hope that they just feel the love.\
Amped Dog Loves His Toy More Than We Will Ever Love Anything In Life. Don\u2019t stop retrieving. Hold on to that feeling.
These Dad-Doggie Duos Are Serious Family Goals. Happy Father's Day to all you doggie dads out there!
Hero Fisherman Gives Plastic-Trapped Turtle A Second Shot At Life. Amir Rahim dove fully clothed into the Arabian Sea to save the creature.
This Heartfelt Note Between Soldier Brothers Came Full Circle. \I don't want you to forget me.\
Compassionate Theme Park Workers Show Support For Orlando After Shooting. \We are all thinking of friends and families and the love ones who were hit hard with this!\
After Shooting, Orlando Chefs Provide Thousands Of Free Meals. Caterers, restaurants, food writers and others have given back to their city.
Churches Offer To Host Free Funerals For Victims Of Orlando Shooting. \It's about loving people and being present with people. That's the true heart and character of our community and our city.\
Rainbow Appears Over Orlando Nightclub, Creates Symbolic Moment. \u201cGiven the somber state of the city, seeing it emerge was surreal.\u201d
Watch These Dogs React To A Human Who Barks As Well As They Do. Imagine the befuddlement you'd feel running across a dog who spoke perfect English. Well, it seems that the feeling is mutual
Orlando Clubgoer Uses Shirt As Tourniquet To Save Bartender After Shooting. \u201cI just did what I had to do at the time.\u201d
After Orlando Shooting, The World Showed Up To Defy Hate With Love. From thousands lining up to give blood to gay choruses singing \We Shall Overcome,\ the world showed up for Orlando.
At Orlando Vigils Nationwide, Mourners Sing 'We Shall Overcome\u2019 In Solidarity. A beautiful way to show support.
San Bernardino Nurses, Medical Staff Send Love To Orlando Hospital After Shooting. \We're not close by but ... we'll try to support them as much as we can.\
Rabbit Abused In Viral Video Is Now Showered With Gifts. Fuzzy Pants, a small, black rabbit, has quickly earned the nickname \warrior\ among her rescuers.
News Anchor Gives Heartfelt Apology To Dog He Saw In Hot Car. \There's an apology in order. Not for you, no. For your dog.\
Woman Runs Over Frog With Lawnmower \u2014 Then Flies Him Hundreds Of Miles For Surgery. Not many frogs survive a close encounter with a lawn mower. Still fewer are flown hundreds of miles away for urgent care
'Baby Got Books' Display Will Make You Want To Tackle Daunting Reads. War and Peace where you at?
Boy Caught Sneaking Into Neighbor's Garage To Give Dog A Hug. Trespassing has never been so cute.
This Barber Wants To Inspire A Social Movement By Giving Free Haircuts To The Homeless. Josh Coombes is using #DoSomethingForNothing to document his dedication to giving back.
\u2018Extinction Labels\u2019 Tell You How Your Food Choices Affect Wildlife. Check out how much damage those four slices of bacon are doing.
Dog Who Waited 6 Years For A Home Is Cast In 'Transformers' Movie. Congratulations, Freya!
Teen Slays At Reminding Us That Not All Disabilities Are Visible. All kinds of YES!
Bear Trapped For Years In 'Torture Vest' Now Spends Her Days Swimming. Caesar the bear spent the first part of her life in hell.
Paralyzed Cat Drags Herself To The Spot Where She Left Her Babies. Nothing was going to keep this determined mom cat away from her kittens \u2014 not even a beating that nearly killed her.
Cat With A Hole In Its Side Is The Trippiest Optical Illusion Ever. Could this cat be ... Swiss cheese?
Man And His Beloved Blind Cat Scale Ireland's Highest Peak. The duo raised more than $1,000 for animal welfare.
Soldier Subs In For Flagpole That Was Knocked Down On Memorial Day. \u201cThe fact that a soldier would want to come here with his own flag and hold it up out of respect for veterans is really nice.\u201d
Cat Abandoned On Street Corner With His Litter Box. A photo of the heartbreaking display was shared on the Flatbush Area Team for Cats' (FAT Cats) Facebook page, calling for
Teen With Cerebral Palsy Walks For First Time To Get Diploma. \I just wanted to walk across the stage and get my diploma instead of being on stage in my chair.\
Story Behind Photo Of Cop Asleep Next To Pup He Rescued Is Doggone Sweet. \It was one of those moments that just grab your heart. He was so determined to get her help.\
Students Say Adios To 'Cool' Spanish Teacher With Hilarious Video Montage. \I was unaware they were capturing my goofiness,\ said Se\u00f1or Ward.
Pro Golfer Shows He's A Winner After His Shot Bloodies Woman. Tony Finau could be your new favorite PGA player.
Selfless Cop Escorts Adorable Family Of Ducklings Across Busy Street. \Ducks aren't supposed to play Frogger.\
G.I.s Saved My Father from the Nazis. In early April 1945, my father was packed into a train with 2,500 other prisoners from Bergen-Belsen as the Nazis insanely tried to keep British and American troops from rescuing them. The train was made up of 45 cars with their doors sealed shut; the crowding was horrific and of course there was no food or water.
Meth-Addicted Puppy Reunites With The Cop Who Helped Him Get Clean. Bubba the puppy has had to endure more cruelty in his young life than any animal ever should.
Winners Tie In Scripps National Spelling Bee. The tie is the third in a row in the Bee.
Once Homeless Student Who Worked 4 Jobs To Support Family Graduates College. \u201cI wouldn\u2019t change anything for the world, because it\u2019s my life, and it\u2019s made me who I am today.\u201d
12-Year-Olds Form Supportive Bond While Battling Cancer Together. \The only person who can truly understand what a kid with cancer is going through is another child with cancer.\
Woman Wakes Up To Lions Licking Water Off Her Tent. Ahh. There's nothing like waking up to the quiet still of a cool early morning, when birds begin to stir from sleep to greet
Cop Finds Stray Puppy And Won't Leave Her Side Until He Knows She's Safe. This stray puppy was without a friend in the world \u2014 that is, until she found just the person to help change her life forever
Parched Lions Confuse Tourist's Tent With A Popsicle. In the African desert, the thirst is real.
Paralyzed Dog Was About To Be Put Down When Someone Saw A Tick. Ollie, a 10-year-old Shetland sheepdog (aka Sheltie) from Oregon, has always been a very healthy dog. He loves to run around
Sick Dog Who Was To Be Euthanized Gets Diagnosed Just In Time. \u201cIt was just pure grace that the people found something and decided to check it out further.\u201d
Florence + The Machine Perform Heartwarming Duet With Teen At Hospice. The private performance came after the 15-year-old was unable to attend the band's concert in Austin, Texas.
Navy Officer Runs Half-Marathon In 85-Pound Suit To Raise Money For Veteran Amputees. \This is a way to show people how mentally strong people in the military are.\
Cat With Perpetually Surprised Face Survives Against All Odds. He wasn't supposed to live past six months.
Boy With Autism Helps Rescue Dogs Get Socialized By Reading To Them. \They have to find new homes because they are alone.\
Injured Cat Was Thrown Out Like Trash In A Backpack. A woman in Alberta, Canada, was taking out her trash when she found a backpack sitting in the garbage can.
Custodian Earns Engineering Degree From School He's Worked At For 8 Years. \Graduation was a crowning achievement.\
This Might Be Humans Of New York's Most Moving Series Yet. The blog is currently raising money to fight pediatric cancer.
Baby Alpaca Got Stuck In A Hole, Was Super Chill About It. D'aww.
Dog Who Was Born In A Shelter Can't Stop Kissing His New Baby. When a family in Iowa welcomed a baby girl into their home recently, a dog named Blake was among the first to greet her.
80 African Rhinos May Fly To Australia To Escape Poachers. This is how you take charge of an epidemic
Pit Bull Sees Her Reflection For The First Time And Can't Stop Singing. Lola the pit bull is still working on discovering the world, and the discovery that has shocked her the most so far ... is
If Romeo And Juliet Used Tinder.. And Other Modern Twists On Classic Tales. Imagine if Frodo and Sam had Google Maps.
Sweet Photo Of Cop Comforting Toddler In Hospital Goes Viral. \u201cIt was just human instinct.\
Whatever You Do, Don't Try To Outrun A Stampede Of Hungry Lambs. Prepare for cuteness overload.
Dog Rescued From Fighting Gets Held Like A Big Baby Now. Rambo, a pit bull who was found in the woods and close to death, has come so far since his rescue.
Baby Fox Who Was Supposed To Die Finds Man Who Believes In Her. Red, a young fox cub named after the color of her fur, was found collapsed near the grounds of a factory in Oldham, England
84-Year-Old Veteran Graduates College With Summa Cum Laude Distinction. And he's not finished learning!
Veteran Awakens From 48-Day Coma, Asks For Taco Bell. His first words were \I want Taco Bell.\ Now he needs help in his recovery.
Selfless Cops Chaperone Adorable Duck Family Through Traffic. The officers escorted the birds as they made their way to a river.
Volunteer Vets Test Pups For Lead Poisoning In Flint. Flint\u2019s pups are not fur-gotten.
Kitten Born With Twisted Arms And Legs Finds A Mom Who Knows She\u2019s Perfect. When three tiny kittens were brought to a shelter in Los Angeles, It was clear that they'd been born only hours before \u2014 and
Student Missed College Graduation, So School Held One Just For Her. Now THIS is Iowa nice.
These Zany 'Would You Rather' Illustrations Will Have You Racking Your Brain. Eat a whole box of crayons or a cup of live ants?!
Native American Tribes Dedicating Land, Food To Protect Monarch Butterflies. Tribal leaders in Oklahoma have vowed to plant nectar-producing plants for the butterflies whose numbers have dwindled.
Seniors Decked Out In Graduation Gear Walk Halls To Inspire Younger Students. \Just seeing those kids see our seniors walk down the halls -- something magical happens.\
Lioness Takes One Look At Rescued Cub And Decides To Stay With Him Forever. This small cage used to be where Masrya spent a majority of her time.
Greek Man Who Lost Job Now Works Full Time Feeding Those In Need. \I am still doing marketing now but without profit. My profit is emotional.\
Boy Who Has Autism, Is Nonverbal Falls Head-Over-Heels For Snow White. \u201cShe has no idea how much that actually meant to us that she engaged in that way\u2026\
Cops Go Beyond Call Of Duty After Thieves Steal Flag Honoring WWII Vet. The veteran's widow had hung it up to remember her recently deceased husband.
Store Worker's Beautiful Deed For Blind Girl With Autism Goes Viral. \It melts my heart to come across people that are prepared to go the extra mile,\ says the girl's mom.
Caring Teens Surprise Their Teacher With 2 Kittens After Her Cat Dies. Not a dry eye in the house.
Stubborn Dog Throws The Cutest Tantrum To Try And Stay In The Bathtub. Many dogs will go to great lengths to avoid bath time \u2014 but this guy would actually do ANYTHING to stay in there all day
Adorable Service Dog Pulls The Perfect Pose For School Yearbook Photo. Presley accompanies Joseph Ware to class every day.
Rescue Group Wants To Get Kittens Saved From Fire Off The Streets. The kittens became Internet stars after a firefighter's helmet-cam footage went viral.
Dog Comforts Friend Who's Going Through A Tough Time. Two dogs were rescued, weeks apart, from two different shelters in South Carolina.
Dog Abandoned On Bus Finally Reunited With Family. A dog found abandoned on a London bus has finally found his way home \u2014 and it turns out he wasn't actually abandoned. He
Dynamic Mother-Son Duo Join Police Force Together In Flint, Michigan. A family committed to serving their community.
What Happens When National Teacher Appreciation Week Meets 'Star Wars' Day?. We've all had some sort of mentor who left a major mark on our life. Someone who helped turn us from a learner into a \u2026 master
This 4-Year-Old Darth Vader Is Wickedly Adorable. The cutest villain in the galaxy.
This Superhero Prom Picture Is Goals AF. Kickass.
Little Girl And Her Pit Bull Have Been Best Friends Since The Very Beginning. Eisleigh and her pit bull, Clyde, started life at the same time.
Cat With Crooked Jaw Still Loves Showing Off Her Smile. For one cat named Duchess, living with a crooked jaw doesn't stop her from being the queen of her kingdom.
Man Builds Rescue Tortoise Its Very Own 'Jurassic Park'. \I am determined to give him a better life now.\
Man Teaches Homeless Woman To Read Over Lunch Every Week. \I want to be able to help anybody, whether it be giving them some food or clothes.\
This Hoodie Is Specially Made For Avid Huggers. And you thought hoodies couldn't get more snuggly.
Cat With Crooked Jaw Has Cutest Quirky Smile Thanks To Surgery, TLC. \Most places would\u2019ve just euthanized her, but by some miracle Duchess got lucky.\
Cat Reunites With His Twin Brother After Getting Lost For 3 Years. Three years ago, an elderly male cat was found sitting alone in a parking lot in Connecticut.
Dog Picks Pizza Over Best Friend, And We Can\u2019t Totally Blame Him. Pizza is bae.
Photos Show Rescued Circus Lions Setting Paw On Their New Home. Check out the mane event.
Shelter Dog Who Went Viral For Crying Just Met His New Parents. After nearly 10 months of living in a shelter, Juice was starting to get worn out.
Opossum Was Too Scared To Even Move \u2014 But Someone Noticed. Even the simplest of act can make a world of difference. Such was the case with a little female opossum, who was spotted
Cops Protect Dove Nesting On Patrol Car In Sweetest Possible Way. \Our officers are human beings just like anyone else.\
College Student Launches Free Lawn Care Service To Help The Elderly, Single Moms And Others In Need. \So many people have fallen on hard times and it feels good to be able to help them,\ said Rodney Smith Jr.
Bakery Employs Ex-Inmates To Help Them Make Tough Transition Into Society. \We make them feel like they're part of the community and a lot of these [participants] haven't had that experience.\
Man Living In Trailer Saves Enough Money Selling Newspapers To Buy Home. \I\u2019m so excited. I worked hard for this.\u201d
Cops Enlist NBA Team To Get New Shoes For 7-Foot-Tall Homeless Man. The man, who has size 17 feet, is now the proud owner of shoes that were made for Roy Hibbert.
Tiny Hummingbird Falls In Love With The Dog Who Saved Her. There was once a time when Rex was living on the streets as a stray, but that all changed last year after he was rescued
Blind Boy Sees Mom For The First Time, And It's Magical. \Oh, mommy! There you are!\
'Star Wars' Charity Initiative Challenges Fans To Use Force For Good. ~And~ you could meet Luke Skywalker.
Kittens Found Covered In Ink Are So Happy To Get Clean. Two very young kittens were rescued in England recently after being found \colored in\ with marker.
High School Senior From Immigrant Family Got Into Every Ivy League School. She credited her single mom who works two jobs for her success.
Chefs Stock Up On Unused Produce To Make Soup For Those In Need. Souping up \u201cwaste.\u201d
This Orphaned Puppy Fits Purrfectly Into His Feline Foster Family. We\u2019re not kitten you.
This Store Is Doing Something Unique To Help Shoppers With Autism. It's introducing a \quiet hour\ to make the shopping experience less stressful.
Surfers Hear Baby Whale Crying And Come Running To Help Her. An exhausted baby pilot whale who became stranded during low tide was saved from drowning this week \u2014 all thanks to the kindness
Shelter Dog Has No Idea His New Family Is Waiting Outside. For a dog named Drove, the day felt like any other at the shelter.
'Humans Of New York' Honors Senior Dog Who Helped Other Pets Find Homes. The HONY photographer posted a tribute to his recently deceased dog.
When A Flood Left People Stranded, This Man Had The Perfect Rescue Vehicle. Celebrity monster trucks like \Grave Digger,\ \Spiderman,\ and \Higher Education,\ (which is a monster school bus) can be
Church Honors \u2018Dearly Beloved\u2019 Prince By Putting His Lyrics On Sign. Call it a Sign O' The Times
Judge Has Emotional Reunion With Defendant She Recognized As Former Classmate. \He had a good judge who wanted to give him a chance.\
We're SO Excited About This 'Saved By The Bell' Pop-Up Restaurant. Dishes will include Macaroni & Screech, AC Sliders and Lisa Turtle Milkshake.
Nonagenarians Ditch Dating Apps, Go On Blind Date At Bookstore. No Tinder was involved!
This Pajama Program Brings Comfy Nights To Kids Everywhere. Everybody deserves a pair of PJs.
Abandoned Mother Just Wanted To Keep Her Last Puppy Safe. When his property in southern California was sold, the owner packed up everything and left.
Watch Jon Stewart Living His Best Farm Life Playing With His Rescue Pigs. This will make you squeal with delight.
Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson Crumbles At The Sight Of These Baby Blues. Despite his nickname, Johnson is a huge softie when it comes to his daughters.
Students Celebrate A Classmate Crushing Cancer By Shaving Their Heads. \u201cI feel good about going back to school and not being the only bald one.\
Teen's Taco Bell-Themed Senior Photos Will Inspire You To Live M\u00e1s. Taco Bell + Nathaniel = Love.
Little Boy Blames Lipstick Scribble On Batman, And It's Hard Not To Believe Him. Two-year-old Noel just tells the tale so damn cutely.
A Dirty Cop And The Innocent Man He Framed Are Now BFFs. Jameel McGee has forgiven the former police officer who falsified evidence to get him locked up.
Stray Dog Collapses When Someone Finally Comes To Help Her. A dog now named Gaia is lucky to be alive.\u00a0Tania Cappelluti was out driving in Costa Rica in February when she first saw
Justin Trudeau Gives Snarky Reporter A Lesson In Quantum Computing. \Don't interrupt me,\ the Canadian PM quipped.
You've Never Loved Anything Like This Fox Cub Loves His Stuffed Bunny. Orphaned Puggle is getting rehabilitated so he can one day go back to the wild.
Elephants Come Running When They Hear Their Favorite Person Calling. Elephants know a good person when they see one. But for this happy herd of pachyderms, one man holds a place in their hearts
Littlest Gentleman Rushes To Shake Hands With Military Members. We salute your sweet actions, Sawyer!
Kids Who Just Met Become BFFs, Teach Us All A Lesson In Love. \All they saw was each other.\
Angry Birds\u2019 Feathers Ruffled Over Climate Change, So They\u2019re Going Green. These feathered friends want you to keep your (bird) baths short and sweet.
Nonprofit Provides Free Medical Care For Homeless People's Pets. So doggone awesome!
Girls And Boys Outraged By Wage Gap For Chores, Give Us Hope For Future. \u201cIt should be flat out illegal.\u201d
Truck Driver Stops In The Rain To Save 'Dead' Cat \u2014 Then Adopts Him. On the morning of March 10, a black cat lay motionless, facedown in a puddle, on the side of a road in British Columbia, Canada
Homeless Dogs Are Scared Of Being Rescued \u2014 Until They Realize They're Going Together. Being brave is easier with someone you trust by your side.\u00a0Hope for Paws, a rescue group in Los Angeles, California, got
Super Dad Sells Beloved Comics To Zap Daughter's College Payments. Pa to the rescue!
4-Year-Old Saves His Mother\u2019s Life With Quick Thinking. Camden Vaughan and his baby brother were at home with their mother, Misty.
Neighbors Give Heartwarming Send-Off To WWII Vet Who Died With No Family Or Friends. Andrew Moore had been destined for a nameless grave.
85-Year-Old Navy Veteran Takes Up New Hobby, Taps His Way Into Our Hearts. \u201cWe all just want to feel special and important in some way.\u201d
Sanitation Workers Save Kittens From Trash, Get Dubbed 'Sexiest Dudes Ever'. All four kittens are expected to make a full recovery after winding up at a waste transfer station.
Rescued Baby Fox Loves Taking Naps With His Stuffed Bunny. He was only two weeks old when a family found him in their garden in North West London.
Watch This Baby's Ridiculously Cute Reaction To Seeing His Mom Clearly For The First Time. \That's a smile we just hadn't really seen before.\
Hero Cops Crawl Through Drainage System To Rescue Fox Cub. They navigated 150 feet of subterranean pipes to save the scared animal.
Photo Of Cop Helping Man Who Was Hungry Shows Law Enforcement At Its Finest. \He reminded me that I chose the right career.\
Monkey Was Trapped Between Two Buildings For 25 Years. He waited in his hole, alone and nearly forgotten, for 25 years.
Cookie Monster Is His Best, Zaniest Self In This Apple Clip. We wanna bake cookies with Cookie Monster!!!
They Heard Crying Underground And Refused To Ignore It. Doing the right thing isn't easy sometimes \u2014 but when it comes to helping an animal whose life is at stake, the reward in
Two Giant Dogs Lose A Tug-Of-War Battle To A Teeny, Tiny Dachshund. Don\u2019t let the size of a dog fool you.\u00a0In fact, some of the smallest lap dogs are some of the most outgoing pups out there
Bodybuilder Shares Anorexia Struggle To Urge Others With Eating Disorders To Seek Help. \You are beautiful and you deserve recovery. ...You deserve to have a life.\
Orphaned Buddies In Africa Adopted By Families In Same Arizona Town. Call is kismet.
Massachusetts Principal Sticks To Her Promise Of Kissing A Pig For Her Students. Usually kids look forward to some good grades or praise from a teacher when they do their work, but that\u2019s not all students
JoJo The Dog Comforts Kids At Dentist, Makes Appointments Less Ruff. It doesn't seem so bad with an adorable dog by your side, does it?
This Sleepy Shelter Dog Is Always Busy Nappin' During Adoption Visits. We don't want him to snooze and lose -- out on a new family! \ud83d\udca4
Cops Gently Remove Duct Tape From Poor Dog's Head. A sweet-natured dog name Aurora was rescued this week after being subjected to a shocking act of abuse.
Puppies Invaded A Retirement Home, Preschool And Gym. Pure Bliss Ensued.. A video of puppies exists that is not only absolutely darling, but is also helping dogs in need with every single click. I
Teen Who Has Autism Shares How An iPad Let His Voice Be Heard. \Not being able to speak is not the same as not having something to say.\
Video Explores Which Age Is The Best Time To Be Alive. \u201cEmbrace everything that you can about your life as it is today.\u201d
This Program Is Using Music And Dance To Help Kids Learn Foreign Languages. The curriculum teaches 10 to 15 short phrases and vocabulary words each session.
School Kids Combat Loneliness By Taking A Seat On 'Buddy Bench'. \I've seen a lot more people with friends to play with.\
Chief Wombat Cuddler Sounds Like The Sweetest Job In The World. \Non-cuddlers need not apply.\
Search Underway After Disneyland Guest With Autism Drops Lanyard While Collecting Pins. A note attached reads
Selfless Playstation Worker Customizes Controller For Gamer With Cerebral Palsy. \Disabled people are gamers, too.\
They Gave A Sick Puppy A Peaceful Place To Die \u2014 But She Lived Instead. When Mary and her three daughters moved to Ankara, Turkey, for her husband's job, they decided they wanted to do something
How One Cat Went From The Kill List To Being The \u2018Mayor\u2019 In His New Home. MushMush is making the most out of his second chance at life.
Teen's Touching Napkin Note Helps Police Officers Through Dark Days. \Thanks for keeping us safe.\
Adorable Girl Asks Cops To Get Police Cats As Companions To Police Dogs. \u201cMy dog is friends with my cat.\u201d
Big-Hearted Police Officer Teaches Homeless Girl How To Play Hopscotch. Let's call it copscotch.
Cat Who Stole Dog Food From Garage Gets Caught \u2014 In Doggy Door. Surviving in the wild can be a challenge for pets who are accustomed to the luxuries of domestic life.
Restaurant Teaches Former Inmates To Cook, Helps Them Get Back On Their Feet. Well done!
Photo Of Seal Cheesin' For The Camera Wins Photography Contest. Werk that camera, seal.
Woman Who Owned Dr Pepper Twitter Handle Bribes Company In Best Deal Ever. Hats off to her negotiating skills.
Leonardo DiCaprio Hangs With Elephant Posse To Help Save Endangered Species. Just another reason to
A Woman Saw Hungry People Digging In Her Restaurant's Trash, So She Put A Fridge Outside.. On her late night walks home from cleaning her new restaurant, Minu Pauline was struck by how often she'd see homeless and
Hamster Spends His Final Days On The Best Adventures. When a pet gets sick and doesn't have much time left, many incredible families will create bucket lists to make the animal's
Photographer's Food Scrap Masterpieces Turn Trash Into Treasure. So this is what happens when you play with your food.
Man Fulfills Vow He Made In 2nd Grade To Pay Off Grandparents' Mortgage. \Even with this, I could never repay you for what you've done for me.\
Name These Birds! National Arboretum Asks For Help Naming Eaglets. Two popular name combinations so far have been Liberty and Justice and Stars and Stripes.
2 Prisons Hold Water Drive For Flint And Collect 29,000 Bottles. \They're willing to give back to the community instead of themselves.\
A Bird Lands On Bernie Sanders\u2019 Podium, And A Disney Princess Meme Takes Flight. Call them Berns of a feather
Stranger Turns Woman's Epic Photoshopped Vacation Into Reality. \Get your passport ready because your dreams are about to come true.\
Rescued Lion Has Been Obsessed With Blankets Since He Was A Baby. Lambert is an African lion and, sometimes, an African lion blanket burrito.
Internet Charmed By Viral Photo Of Teen Working To Pay For First Real Date. \He's definitely a keeper.\
'Vampire' Cat Charms Internet With Fangtastic Look, Finds Forever Home. His personality's really nothing like Dracula's.
After She Swam For Her Life To Greece, Syrian Refugee Now Olympic Hopeful. \u201cI want to show everybody that it\u2019s hard to arrive at your dreams but it\u2019s not impossible.\
Beyonc\u00e9 Casts ***Flawless Model With Muscular Dystrophy As New Campaign Face. She slays.
Kmart Keeps It Inclusive By Featuring Models With Disabilities. We hope others model this behavior.
Prince Harry Visits Nepal Earthquake Victims Who Are Still Living In Tents. \u201cI pay my respects to those who perished and hope to do what I can to shine a spotlight on the resolve and resilience of the Nepalese people.\u201d
Viral Photo Of Cop And Woman With Dementia Shows Sensitive Side Of Police Work. \For us, it's the rewarding part of policing.\
Teen Lands Restaurant Job After Catching Robber During Interview. Talk about making a good first impression!
Spring Is Here! Webcam Captures 2nd Baby Eagle's Hatching In D.C.. Baby makes four.
Pregnant Dog WORKS IT In Her Very Own Maternity Photo Shoot. Maternity photos have become one of the most popular ways for moms-to-be to celebrate their pregnancies. But people apparently
You'll Want To Applaud This Chinese Opera And Marvel Character Mashup. A surprisingly perfect combo.
Navy Finds Missing Dog On Island -- 5 Weeks After She Vanished At Sea. \u201cThat is the most amazing dog, we send people out there for serious training, and she did it all on her own.\u201d
This Supermarket Offered A Dad Of 3 A Job After He Was Busted Shoplifting. Staff also gave him cash.
Centenarian Who Danced At The White House Cuts A Rug With Harlem Globetrotters. Happy birthday, Virginia!
After Woman Paid For Man\u2019s Groceries, He Thanked Her With $10,000 Donation. That\u2019s no chump change.
Homeless Man Awarded $100,000 For Helping Capture 2 Fugitives. Matthew Hay-Chapman, 55, said he's going to use the money to help his adult children and grandchildren.
State Trooper Comes To The Rescue Of Stranded Superheroes. Alas, their superpowers didn't extend to car repairs.
A Complete Stranger Paid This Man's $2,000 Car Bill, No Questions Asked. Like the dreaded dentist's appointment, an unexpected trip to the auto mechanic rarely signals fun times ahead. Instead, car
Dog Brothers Can't Get Enough Of Their New Duckling Siblings. For the longest time, all Pikelet And Patty Cakes wanted ... were ducks.
UK's Largest Grocer Announces All Stores Will Donate Surplus Food To Charity. Here's one genius way to curb food waste.
Shelter Dog Can't Contain Her Excitement About Getting Adopted. This picture pretty much sums up what's it's like for a dog to go from zero to someone's hero in just a few days.
Hundreds Of Bikers Deliver Moving Tribute For Boy Who Loved Motorcycles. Five-year-old Hunter Weiss died in an accident Monday.
Man Dives Into Flash Flood, Fills His Boat Up With Animals. These animals would have been in serious trouble without some help.
'Teddy Bear' Population Makes An Awesome Recovery. The species that inspired everyone\u2019s favorite stuffed animal has been taken off the endangered list.
Survivors Of Michael Vick's Fighting Ring Grow Old And Happy. It was nearly nine years ago that police raided the home of famed NFL quarterback Michael Vick with a search warrant for
PancakeBot Makes It Appropriate To Play With Your Food. Preorders now available.
Adorable Dog-Sized Rescue Rabbit Finds His Forever Home (And Gets A Cute New Name To Boot!). World, meet Atilla the Bun Binky Master Jazz Paws.
Orphaned Baby Kangaroo Thinks Cop Is Its Mom, Hops Into His 'Pouch'. Awwwww!
Everything\u2019s Coming Up Roses With Temporary Tats That Smell Like Flowers. Stop and smell the roses \u2014 on your bod.
Girl Scouts Prove They\u2019re Smart Cookies, Use Leo DiCaprio To Sell Thin Mints. Tagalong with these girls, they\u2019re going places.
College Adds New Spin To Studying, Installs Exercise Bikes In Library. \Humans were not meant to sit still all day.\u201d
Instead Of Taking A Selfie With This Shark, He Saved Him. Back in August 2012, Alan Holyoak went to Seaside, Oregon, for his niece's wedding. He never expected that he'd come back
When A Grumpy Baby Hears Jackson 5's 'ABC' His Mood Changes In 1, 2, 3. It was as simple as do re mi
Restaurant Reacts Perfectly To Diners Who Were Rude To Employee With Autism. \We need to stand up for what we believe in!\
High School Janitor Wows With Sam Cooke Classic At Orchestra Recital. It's been a long, a long time comin'.
Cops Rock Out In Patrol Car To Journey's 'Don't Stop Believin''. The officers sang and played air guitar in honor of fellow law enforcement.
Firefighter Pulls Puppy From Flames Then Changes His Life Forever. What began as a near-fatal tragedy for one pit bull puppy named Jake ultimately transformed his life for the better \u2014 all
Neighbors Saw Dog Freezing To Death And Knew What They Had To Do. Someone left a dog on the balcony of a Toronto high-rise in sub-zero temperatures Wednesday.
Police Officer And Toddler Take Cutest #Twinning Photo. All together now
Donations Pour In To Help 106-Year-Old Who Danced With The Obamas At The White House. All for one incredible woman.
A Selfless Chef Won A Reality Game Show And Used The Prize Money To Feed His Community.. Chicago's Turkey Chop Gourmet Grill has no shortage of flavor. And neither does its owner.
Officer Thanks The Rock For Support During Parents' Cancer Treatment. \Remember it's often the littlest things we do in life that can make the BIGGEST difference.\
Both Parties Can Agree #TrumpYourCat Is The Best Thing About Election Season. They actually make the combover look ... cute?
Try Not To Lose Yourself In This Adorable Cat's Gigantic Eyes. Awww!
Couple Opens Their Hearts And Home, Turns Yard Into Homeless Camp. \I have convictions about us being humans together.\
Video Of Vet Technician Comforting Rescue Pit Bull After Surgery Goes Viral. Maddie just needed a little TLC. And that's exactly what she got!
This Dog Has The Most Adorable Brace Face You'll Ever See. Say cheese!
Cat Endures 8-Mile Ride Stuck In Car Bumper, Walks Away Like It's NBD. \Amazingly, the cat is fine!\
Woman's Very Clever Tattoo Reminds People She's Deaf In One Ear. \I thought this was a friendly (way) to remind the world not to talk to me from the left.\
Ridiculously Cute Coyote Pups Rescued From Storm Drain. \I'm proud to serve our community, even the small and furry.\
Kitty Saved From NYC Subway Seeks Express Ride To A New Home. \This cat is a delight.\
Pet Groomer Gives Senior Dogs Makeovers So They\u2019ll Get Adopted. When most people head to an animal shelter looking for a new pet, they\u2019re usually only interested in puppies, kittens, and
Heroic Woman Invents A Booze-Inspired Workout You Can\u2019t Wine About. Feel the buzz.
Now There's A 'Damn Daniel' Song And It's As Fresh As His White Vans. It's actually damn good.
When Woman With Down Syndrome Got Stage Fright, Her Friend Came To The Rescue. Because that's what friends are for.
Tattoo Artist Spends Day Off Inking Survivors Of Domestic Violence, Self-Harm For Free. \It's just something I can do that won't take much time that can make a big impact on other people.\
Artist Plays Music On Behalf Of Homeless, Drums Up Donations. \I leave each session incredibly humbled.\
The Moment She Realizes Her Life Is About To Get So Much Better. When an animal lover saw one orangutan's terrible reality at an exploitive zoo in Thailand, she knew she had to do something
Illustrations Let You Turn Aggravating Coffee Stains Into Works Of Art. Ditch the coaster and unleash your inner Picasso.
Biker's Wild Routes Will Put Your SoulCycle Workouts To Shame. A picture-perfect ride.
Ridiculously Cute Fox Cub Grows Up Before Our Very Eyes. Awwwww!
Quick-Thinking 5-Year-Old Saves Blind Grandmother From Burning Home. \u201cShe told my mom to hold her shoulder and that they had to get out of the house.\u201d
Mom Writes Touching Letter To Son Who Has Been Missing For 26 Years. \u201cWe love you Jacob and we'll never stop searching for you!\u201d
This $300 3-D Printer Makes Toy Design Child\u2019s Play. ThingMaker will allow kids to make and print their own toys at home.
Chimp Abandoned On Island Welcomes Rescuers With Open Arms. This might be the loneliest chimp in the world \u2014 and all he wants is a friend.
Watch An 85-Year-Old Ring In Her Birthday By Making A Snow Angel. \u2744\ufe0f \ud83d\udc7c  \u2744\ufe0f
Guy Made The Perfect Gift For His Chick-Fil-A-Loving Girlfriend This Valentine's Day. Now, that's love.
Cop's Thoughtful Gesture For Grocery Store Worker Goes Viral. \Everyone at Food Giant this morning was in tears...\
Amazing Vet Eats Breakfast With A Neglected Pit Bull. Dr. Andy Mathis, a veterinarian in Elberton, Georgia, was about to leave the hospital for the night. Right at closing time
Cupid Cop Gave Out Roses, Cards On Valentine\u2019s Day Instead Of Tickets. Many were tickled pink by the sweet gesture.
Cop's Compassionate Act For Homeless Woman Before Snow Storm Goes Viral. \Officer Perry epitomizes the meaning of public service.\
Homeless Woman And Her Fluffy Dog Foil Cosmetics Store Burglary. Lottie and Marley reportedly confronted the thief as he left the business.
Every Girl At This High School Got A Flower For Valentine's Day. Hayden Godfrey said sending 834 girls a carnation each was \totally worth it.\
Students Move Teacher To Tears With His First Birthday Cake In Years. \These are great kids.\
This Wobbly Kitten Wants To Stumble Straight Into Your Heart. The little cat that can't help but flop over is looking for a place to call home.
Wheelchair Turns Boy With Cerebral Palsy Into Skate Park Superstar. Let the good times roll.
Robert Downey Jr. Gives Boy With Cystic Fibrosis A Surprise Fit For A Superhero. How awesome is RDJ?!
Family Recreates Favorite Photo As Moving Tribute To Dying Dog. Time for a serious case of the warm and fuzzies.
Social Media Reunites Homeless Man With Family He Hasn\u2019t Seen in 40 Years. One homeless man in Miami is being reunited with family members he hasn\u2019t seen in almost 40 years, thanks to the power of
Adventurous Panda Cub Needs Mom's Help Getting Down From Tree. Bei Bei is melting our hearts.
Teen With Rare Form Of Dwarfism Forgoes Gifts, Wants To Help Kids In Hospital Instead. Sweetest birthday wish ever.
Puppy Bowl 2016. This Puppy Bowl, fur will fly.
Sick Sea Lion Pup Rescued After Showing Up In Restaurant Booth. Rehabbers hope to be able to release her back into the wild.
Now You Can Look Tipsy Before You\u2019re Drunk With An Upside Down Wine Glass. That brilliant idea you thought you had when you were wasted comes to life.
Kids With Disabilities Become Superheros By Designing Their Own Prosthetics. One design was called \u201cProject Unicorn.\u201d Need we say more?
Watch 50 People Find Out They're Going To Super Bowl 50. Who knew the sweetest pay-it-forward story would involve Brian Urlacher?
#BeforeFacebookI Hashtag Reminds Us What Life Was Like Before Social Media. The Internet shares its best pre-Facebook memories.
Obama To Young Muslims On Historic Trip To US Mosque. \Your fellow Americans stand with you.\
Cop Babysits Girl While Dad's In Court, Shows What Being A Police Officer's All About. Awesome job, Officer Norris!
Skiing Nuns Make Winter So Much More Awesome. 'Cause exercise is a good habit.
Strangers Rally To Save Pit Bull Who Was Dragged Behind A Truck. \Tuff Guy\ is recovering well and getting ready for his forever family.
A Town Is Getting Its First Police Dog In 20 Years, Thanks To A 5-Year-Old Boy. This dog's name is Bosco, and he's going to help solve crimes, in part thanks to a 5-year-old boy in Iowa.
Prince Harry Helps Woman In Wheelchair Who Fell, Proves Again He's Pretty Darn Perfect. So we're proposing that Prince Harry change his name to Prince Charming.
'Sticker Kid' Photo-bombs Hillary Clinton At Iowa Caucus, Wins The Night. This kid is a hero.
Nurse Brought The Magic Of Snow To Kids In Hospital Who Can't Go Outside. Because everyone deserves to have some fun with the fluffy stuff.
Artist Makes Exhibit Out Of Thousands Of PB&Js As Tribute To Mom's Packed Lunches. \I was blown away by her dedication in doing that ... I wanted to recognize that as something that often goes overlooked.\
Quasimodo, A Rescue Pup With A Hunched Back, Now Has A Happy Foster Home. \I see nothing when I look at him but his handsome self.\
Oscar Movies Reimagined As Winnie The Pooh Win All Our Votes. This idea is as sweet as honey.
Worker Rescues Stranded Pup After Spotting Her On Highway Traffic Camera. Gil Estrada, we salute you.
Pay-It-Forward Pizza Movement Uses Post-It Notes To Feed The Hungry In NYC. The holidays may be over, but the spirit of giving sure is not.
Kindhearted Handyman Fixes Military Wife\u2019s Furnace For Free. Bridget is a busy mom of two young kids. When it comes to fixing things around the house, she usually turns to her husband
Teen With Autism Didn\u2019t Think He Could Be A Barista; Then He Started Dancing. Sam has a movement disorder, but a Toronto Starbucks manager encouraged him to \u201cchannel his movements into dance.\u201d
Nurse Who Trekked Through Winter Storm Jonas To Work Is Definition Of Dedication. \u201cThis is what it means to be a nurse.\u201d
Self-Taught Teen Pianist Gives Stunning Public Performance. He doesn't even read music!
Watch Heroic Drivers Rescue 2 Scared Dogs Dashing Down Freeway. This is insane.
These Dudes Built An Igloo During The Blizzard And Listed It On Airbnb. \Built completely by hand all natural. Come experience this chic dome-style bungalow with Bae.\
Selfless Homeless Man Helps Strangers Stuck In Snow During Winter Storm Jonas. \Because at times, people help me out. ...One hand washes the other one.\
Jimmy Fallon Donates $10,000 To Flint, Asks 10 Friends To Match Him. Other celebrities have also given to the beleaguered city.
Strangers Made Sure This Homeless Man And His Dog Stayed Warm During Blizzard. \It just seems a little better when it's snowing,\ he said, \a little warmer, even though it's not.\
Cow Gets Second Chance After Escaping From Slaughterhouse. Freddie can now look forward to a \life of leisure.\
These Paddle Boarders May Be Luckier Than The Powerball Winners. \Sup, guys. Pardon my breach.\
Cop Steps In To Sing National Anthem When Performer Can't Make It, Slays In Uniform. This man can saaang.
Driver Exits Bus To Help Elderly Woman, Moves Internet With His Compassion. \He was so kind to her and went out of his way to look after a customer.\
Firefighters' Spontaneous Act Of Kindness For Homeless Man Goes Viral. \We do go out of the way to take care of the members of the community and help them get what they need.\
'Star Wars' And 'Winnie The Pooh' Mashup Is Truly The Best Of Both Worlds. It even has an adorably appropriate name!
These Girl Scouts Want Something Done About Flint's Water Crisis. \I would like you to fix the lead pipes and make sure they have what they need.
These Affectionate Doggie Pals Will Make You Wanna Hug Your BFF. Reason #3,940,984 that dogs are simply the cutest.
Darth Vader, Stormtroopers Surprise Boy With New Prosthetic Arm. Alvin Garcia Flores said he was \shocked\ by the special delivery.
Formerly Homeless Man Who Went Viral For Golden Voice Gets Radio Station Gig. The new show is Williams' first steady employment since 1993.
Shelter Chihuahua Begs For A Home In Moving Photos. Help him get adopted into a loving, safe home.
Resourceful Students Turn Old Plastic Bags Into Sleeping Mats For Homeless. Their goal is to make a whopping 880 mats for the homeless.
Newborn Mountain Lions Hiss And Purr For The Camera During Discovery. The ferocious babies were filmed in California's Santa Monica Mountains while their mom was away.
Watch This Boy's Reunion With His Lost Dog And Try Not To Cry. We're so glad they're back together!
Adorable Mini Donkey With Prosthetic Leg Is Loving Life. Bella Burro is thriving and proving the haters wrong.
Millionaire Offers To House Texas Tornado Victims For A Dollar A Month. \u201cThey\u2019ve obviously been through a lot in their life already.\
The Moment This Boy Reunited With His Lost Puppy Will Make You Melt. Grab the tissues!
L.A. Dance Crew Brings Hip-Hop And Smiles To Kids In Hospital. \How often do you get the chance to do something that you really love and help people at the same time?\u201d
Watch This Adorable French Bulldog Wake Up His Owner. Becoming a puppy owner changes your life in a lot of ways \u2014 and one of them is your sleep habits!
Homeless Couple\u2019s Love Story Leads To $20,000 In Wedding Donations. After 22 long years together, there are wedding bells in this couple's future.
Cashier's Sweet Act Moves Mom Whose Toddler Has Down Syndrome. \And just being her, she gave us an amazing gift.\
After K-9's Death, Internet Raises Money To Get Police Dogs New Bulletproof Vests. \We believe, and our Chief has even said that he believes that Jethro saved officers that day.\u201d
Store\u2019s Heartwarming Response To Customer\u2019s Coat Return Goes Viral. \u201cThe world needs more LOVE like that.\u201d
Smart Shopper Uses Extreme Couponing To Get Items For People In Need. She's purchased $100,000 worth of goods, so far.
Rescue Pup Flashes Adorably Cheesy Smile After Recovering From The Flu. How Herbert got his groove back.
Manatees No Longer Facing Extinction, But There's Still Work To Be Done To Protect Them. The population of Florida's iconic manatees has recovered enough that the species no longer meets the definition of \endangered\ under the Endangered Species Act.
This Kitty's Disability Makes Her All The More Irresistible. She's like a fluffy, little Tyrannosaurus rex!
Cop Comes To The Rescue After Someone Steals Family's Winter Clothes. \I put myself in her position.\
Bei Bei The Baby Panda\u00a0Waves To Adoring Fans, Panda-monium Ensues. When bae proves he's ready for his close-up.
Girl Collects 1,000 Coats, Blankets So Homeless People Can Stay Warm In Winter. \I make time for this because it's important to me. And if people truly cared, they would make time too.\
How Google's $20 Virtual Reality Device Saved A Baby Girl's Life. \Innovation is what saved our daughter's life.\
Viral Photo Captures Incredible Moment Between Police Officer, Homeless Man. \All it takes is a simple act of kindness to change someone's day, and possibly life.\
Man Surprises Wife With His Lottery Win On Christmas. That's one giant present!
Dog Alerts Officer To Save Furry Friend In Trouble, Basically Turns Into Lassie. Now THAT's a true BFF.
Bus Driver Buys Sweet Ride For Woman With Special Needs Whose Bike Was Stolen. \The smile on her face ... showed just how much we touched her heart.\
Man Who's Blind In 1 Eye Forms Bond With Unwanted Puppy Born With 1 Eye. They\u2019re two of a kind.
Girl's Brilliant Note Is An A+ Effort To Get Longer Holiday Break. Because the \school company\ said so!
Purple Kitten Who Was Likely Used As 'Chew Toy' Finds BFF In Blind Rescue Cat. Smurf even gives Wanda daily massages!
Abandoned Puppy Born Without Front Legs Gets Wheels, Finds New Home. \Just like that
Firefighters Escort 6-Year-Old To Her Final Day Of Chemo. \I've never seen someone with such a big smile going to the hospital.\
Family Of 2-Year-Old With Amputated Arm Adopts Kitten That Lost A Leg. Her family adopted the cat on Christmas Eve.
Stranger's Kind Act For Muslim Diners Shows There's 'Still Light In The Dark'. \I can't express how this act touched our hearts.\
Texas Tornado Victims Find Their 2 Dogs Alive Under Rubble. Miraculously, neither dog broke a single bone.
Dog Staring At Fish Tank Is Living Our Ideal Chill New Year's Eve. This goes out to all the people who'd rather be watching TV than turning up for the holidays.
Doctors Save Puppy Who Swallowed 2 Squeaky Toys Weeks Ago. Dr. Scott Joudrey, who surgically removed the red-and-green balls on Saturday, says \dogs eat crazy things.\
Muslim Man Hands Out Presents To Homeless People For Christmas. \I think sometimes we forget that some people aren't that fortunate to be able to spend Christmas with people they love.\
Watch 3 Terrified Dogs Get Rescued From The Side Of A Steep Mountain. A story that takes place on a freezing mountain has a heartwarming ending.
12 Stories From 2015 That Remind You The World Is A Pretty Decent Place. These stories were pretty perfect.
Jennifer Lawrence Quietly Visits Children's Hospital For The Holidays. It's the third year the star has visited the hospital.
Man Breaks Down After Getting Ticket To See Mom For First Time In 8 Years. All. The. Tears.
Girl Whose Christmas Card Wish Went Viral Visits Homeless, Domestic Violence Shelters. Safyre plans to visit shelters to distribute gifts to children.
Stranded Santa Claus Saved By Firefighters After Car Blaze. \He's going to have to go back to using his sleigh.\
Fie on Fear & Season's Greetings. Fear of strangers has no place in Markus' vision of the world. Anything but reckless, he is in fact counting on human kindness. He also rejoices that his muscles alone will power him for \u00b11,800 days through every conceivable environment.
How Our Kids Helped Save My Salvation Army Shift. On Friday, the kids celebrated their last day of school.  On Monday, they were back at work, but instead of taking tests and writing assignments, they were doing a different type of job
Santa Paws Has Come To Town. Looks like a \ruff\ job.
Country Star Helps Make Massive Donation To Toys For Tots. Brantley Gilbert teamed up with a children's publisher to bring gifts to kids in need.
Cops Surprise WWII Veteran Spending Christmas Alone With Tree, Gifts. \u201cI will never forget this.\u201d
The Internet Is Struggling To Find The Hidden Panda In This Viral Drawing. \u26c4\u26c4\u26c4\ud83d\udc3c\u26c4\u26c4\u26c4
Shy Shelter Dog's Reaction To Getting Adopted Is The Definition Of Joy On Earth. Oh, happy day.
The Huffington Post Is Hiring An Associate Good News Editor. The Huffington Post\u2019s Good News vertical has an immediate opening for an associate editor who is, quite simply, obsessed
'Santa' Facing Leg Amputation Gets Christmas Miracle From Doctors. \He told me that I'd get coal if I didn't save his leg -- then it became personal.\
Cats Dressed Up For Christmas Are The Greatest Gift This Holiday Season. So cute.
Shirtless Hunk Saves Adorable Baby Deer From Fracking Pond. The cute creature kept slipping on tarpaulin.
Pit Bulls Dressed In Holiday Clothes Make Us Believe In Santa Paws. Merry Pitmas and Happy Howlidays to one and all!
Applebee's Waiter Turns Over $32,000 In Cash Left Inside Restaurant. \I'm a big believer in karma.\
Sheriff's Deputies Hand Out $100 Bills Instead Of Traffic Tickets. Anonymous donor gave $5,400 to launch the goodwill drive in Georgia.
Pit Bull Who Stood Over Owner In House Fire Is Up For Adoption. \Maybe she can open some eyes and change some hearts.\
Watch The Moment Veteran Learns He'll Get His Dogs Back After Hospital Stay. \He was so thankful he shot a kiss to God for the blessing\
Cowboys Use Their Lasso Skills To Save Deer Trapped In Canal. You'll want to fawn all over these heroes.
Students Surprise Starbucks Employee With Generous 'Thank You' Gift. As a recent university graduate, I all too well remember the struggles of studying for finals and cramming to write papers
After City Threw Away Homeless Man's Christmas Tree, Community Had Best Response. Now, he's given trees and gifts to others in need.
Weather Forecaster Floods Report With 'Star Wars' References, Is Probably A Jedi. How many can you identify?
Little Boy Asks Mall Santa To Pray With Him For Beautiful Reason. The sweetest Christmas wish.
Ohio Mom Thanks Kind Cashier Who Cheered Up Her 3-Year-Old Son. \He skipped out of the store with a smile on his face.\
Secret Santas Pay Off Almost $500,000 Worth Of Holiday Layaways At Walmart. Three anonymous donors paid off the layaway balances for Walmart customers in Ohio, Pennsylvania and Florida.
Bei Bei The Baby Panda Greets World, Falls Asleep. You do you, Bei Bei.
Group Of Firefighters Jump Into Dirty Storm Drain To Save Cat In Need. A team of Delaware firemen received a desperate call Friday morning. A local woman\u2019s cat had gone missing; she had somehow
This Supafly Dog Was Definitely A Backup Dancer In Another Life. YAS.
Town Holds Early Christmas For Girl Fighting Terminal Cancer. \It had to be done.\
99-Year-Old Wins Shopping Spree At 99 Cent Store, Buys Gifts For Kids In Need. Now THAT's how you celebrate a birthday.
Cat Missing Her Mandible Gets Extra Special Adoption Listing. We love you, Jawths!
There's Way Too Much Cuteness In This New Dog-Rating Twitter Feed. How will your canine companion score?
The World Has Spoken in Paris. The future that this generation hands to the next ultimately depends not on our dignitaries and diplomats, but rather on the concrete actions of states and localities, businesses, investors, entrepreneurs, philanthropists, educators, scientists, ecological engineers, utility regulators, legislators, city councils and individual energy consumers.
Santa Reunites Soldier Dad With Daughters. Trent Baskerville is home in time for Christmas.
United Airlines Flies Children With Serious Illnesses To Santa's North Pole. \u201cI\u2019m getting everything I asked for.\u201d
Internet Sends Christmas Cheer To Girl Whose Family Was Killed In Fire. \Safyre lost everything. ... But she wakes every morning with a smile on her face. She is the true definition of hope, faith and love.\
Therapy Dogs Help Teach Elementary Students That Reading Isn't Ruff. Kids + dogs + books = yes, please.
Watch Magic Happen When A Train Conductor Directs Yale Glee Club. \I told them I was a conductor, so I must conduct... and somehow they bought it.\
The Cuteness Is Out Of Hand When Shelter Pets Help Out In Santa's Workshop. The cats are up for adoption!
Little Girl Lip Syncing 'Hello' Is Basically You Rocking Out In The Car. Can you hear me?
Internet Raises $110,000 To Help Evicted Vet Get His Home Back. There's no place like home.
Video Perfectly Shows What Happens When A Dog Owner Goes On A First Date. There's more than just doggy bags.
See The Adorable Way These Baby Sloths Are Learning To Climb. The orphans scale rocking chairs that mimic the gentle swaying of tree branches.
Girl Worried About Cop's Safety Offers Her Toy Bear For Protection. \I said thank you while trying to keep my voice from cracking.\
Shoplifting Mom\u2019s Entire Bill Gets Paid For -- By A Police Officer. A routine police investigation took an extraordinary turn.
Hilarious Husband Pretends To Take Wife's Photos, Records Videos Instead. We've all been there.
This Santa Is On Our Nice List For Making Boy With Autism Feel Comfortable. \They had bonded without either saying a word.\
Neighbors Decorate Home For Elderly Woman Whose Decorations Were Stolen. \It's so nice to see people that I don't even know coming together for me, a stranger.\
Police Officers Replace 11-Year-Old's Stolen Xbox With A Brand-New One. \The officers got together after the call and decided to make this Christmas season a little brighter for this young man.\
WATCH. The son of Cat Greenleaf on the importance of belief and trust
Witness This Family\u2019s Reunion With Their German Shepherd After A 3-Year Absence. For anyone who has a beloved pet at home, it\u2019s hard to imagine a life without that animal. A pet becomes a beloved member
At The End Of Your Uber Ride, You Can Donate To Fight HIV/AIDS. Five bucks helps provide a month's worth of lifesaving medication.
Community Buys Car For Man Who Bikes 14 Miles To Work Every Day. It was snowy last Saturday night when Jason Kapoor drove past a man riding a bike on a Michigan highway.
WATCH. Rich Bodmer started G.I. Driver to help get veterans back into the workforce and make their transition back into day to day
Homeless Woman Rescues Abandoned Cat, Gives Him Second Chance. \This wonderful lady cared very much about his well being. She provided for him even with having very little herself.\
Stranger Helps 4-Year-Old Born Without Legs After Wheelchair Theft. \u201cWhat better gift can I give myself for the holidays than to reach out to help this child?\u201d
Pizza Shop Owner Feeds Dozens After Thanksgiving Note Goes Viral. The community in Springfield, Ohio, came together after Bada Bing! Pizzeria's free meal invite.
'Buddy Bench' Creates A Safe Spot For Shy Classmates To Find Friends. Everyone deserves a pal on the playground.
Why The NYPD Waved The French Flag At The Thanksgiving Parade. New York City police officers show their solidarity over the Paris terror attacks.
Barber Promises Kid Free Haircuts For Life -- In Return For Good Grades. It's more than cutting hair; a barber can inspire customers \to leave through those doors and do something great.\u201d
Dog Missing For Two Years Thrilled To Be Reunited With Tearful Owners. Bear hadn't been seen since he fled after a car crash in July 2013.
A Gospel of Giving for Thanksgiving. Wealth is something we all have
Snoop Dogg Helps Give Out 1,500 Turkeys To Families In Need. The rapper spent the day in Inglewood, California, bonding with community members and spreading holiday cheer.
Toddler's Walker Gets A Galactic Makeover From All-Star Tattoo Artist. Out-of-this-world awesome.
7 Dog Owners On Why They're Thankful For Their Pups All Year Long. \She has a special personality that sparks happiness in others.\
These Dogs Are The Most Fur-bulous Guests At Thanksgiving Dinner. Dogs in turkey hats. 'Nuff said.
After Learning About Homelessness, Kind Toddler Starts Donation Drive. Patrick's so giving, he says he wants to be Santa when he grows up!
'Enjoy The Sweet Hubcap, Playa:' Man Leaves Hilarious Good Deed Note. They see me rollin', they [not] hatin'
A Man Is Donating His Kidney To A Stranger Thanks To A Craigslist Error. \I want to save this woman's life.\
This Michigan Restaurant Won\u2019t Let Anyone Eat Alone On Thanksgiving. Everyone has a seat at this table.
These Kids Have The Coolest Way To Keep The Homeless Warm This Winter. A group in Nova Scotia took their coat drive directly to the streets.
Homeless Vet Breaks Down In Tears After Stranger Buys Him Meal. War veteran offered job and a place to live after the video goes viral.
How An Abused Pit Bull Went On To Charm The Pants Off A Rock Star. \I was so amazed at how much she loved him!\
Loyal Pup Stayed At Trapped BFF's Side For 2 Days Until Help Arrived. This, friends, is true love.
Families Leaving Longtime Homes Surprised With Familiar Scents That Evoke Sweet Memories. The smell of home is really the greatest scent in the world.
Maryland Police Uncover A Treasure Trove Of WWII Love Letters. When I was a little girl, I used to love going to church rummage sales and hunting down treasures.
Watch A Corgi School His Small Pal On True Obedience. SIT!
What's The Nicest City In The U.S.?. New Yorkers apparently have some work to do.
Michigan Police Officer Saves A Child During A Traffic Stop. When Officer Nicholas Mitchell pulled over a speeding woman in Rockwood, MI, he had no idea he was about to be her hero.
Chewbacca Actor Sends Sweet Note To Young 'Star Wars' Fan Grieving Death Of Friend. \Best friends are never really gone, they live on forever in our hearts and memories.\
Lamb Survivor Of Tractor-Trailer Crash Adopted By Loving Family. \ I wasn't going to allow her to be food.\
Farmers Honor Late Neighbor With 'Unbelievable' Gesture Of Support. \It's a small community. We all stick together.\
Vet Sets Out To Swim Mississippi River In Memory Of Fallen Soliders. \To him, that sacrifice is nothing compared to what these families have gone through.\
Video Captures Police Officer Buying New Shoes For Barefoot Man. \I just felt like the gentlemen simply was on hard times. He wanted to ride on the bus but he couldn't afford shoes.\
Man Has Adorable Conversation With Dozens Of Baby Goats. Everyone loves baby goats; whether it be their adorable little faces, the silly noises they make, or their hilarious antics
Uber And Lyft Offer Homeless Vets Free Rides To Job Interviews. Giving military members more green lights, fewer stop signs.
10 Photos Of Superheroes Washing Windows. Superheroes sure love washing windows.
Old Shelter Dogs Celebrate The 'Gift Of Golden Years' In Stunning Photo Series. \Love is ageless and beauty comes in all breeds.\
This Boy Has Outsmarted Us All With His Perfect Math Problem Answer. This is everything.
Woman Turns $5 'Reverse Offering' From Church Into Gift For Paper Carrier. Read all about it!
Hello, This High School Student Just Crushed Adele's Latest Hit. She really brought it.
Boy And His German Shepherd BFF Have The Perfect Bedtime Routine. They clean up, pray, read and snuggle.
Cancer Patient Sticks It To Disease, Says She's 'Gangster For Life' In Farewell Message. \I'm no victim. I'm a powerful person.\
Florida Deputies Give Sick Boy The Surprise Of A Lifetime. The Pasco County Sheriff\u2019s Office gave a 7-year-old battling a terminal illness the surprise of a lifetime.
Mailman Risks His Life To Save Dogs From House Fire. It\u2019s an old cliche that mailmen hate dogs and that dogs hate mailmen, but after you\u2019ve watched this incredible story, you\u2019ll
Hero Teacher Dressed As Drake And Danced A Mean 'Hotline Bling'. This dude + \Hotline Bling\ = MAGIC.
Woman Gets High School Diploma 80 Years After Dropping Out To Help Family. She'd left during her junior year to care for her three younger siblings because her mother was ill with cancer.
Creative Dad Turns Son's Wheelchair Into 'Star Wars' Snowspeeder. Ryan Miller spent two weeks working on this out-of-this-world costume.
Kids In Need Get Free Costumes So They Can Have A Boo-tiful Halloween. Happy Halloween!
Hero Guide Dog Hit By Bus Reunites With Owner He Saved. \Basically, he would have died for me, doing what he did.\
Kids Try Candy From Around The World, Have Hilariously Over-The-Top Reactions. \It tastes like rice with poop on it!\
Coast Guard Crew Travels Thousands Of Miles To Rescue 36 Stranded Fishermen. The fishermen spent more than 10 hours in skiffs after abandoning ship.
Halloween PSA. Bats are our friends, and it would be ghoulish to think otherwise.
Marnie The Dog Looks Frighteningly Adorable For Halloween. Ding-dong, doggie here 4 tricks n treats.
Viral Photo Catches Alabama Cop Helping Homeless Father And Son. The best kind of fast food.
Abandoned Cat Uses 'Maternal Instincts' To Find Her Missing Kittens. A mama's gotta do what a mama's gotta do.
Shelter Pup Is Attached To His Security Bucket And It\u2019s 'Stinkin' Adorable'. This sweet little guy needs a home!
Watch Homecoming Queen Kick A Field Goal Moments After Being Crowned. A royal win.
Kooky, Spooky House That 'Raps' Macklemore Helped Raise $10,000 For Charity. \ud83c\udf83\ud83d\udc7b\ud83c\udf83
High School Football Player Pauses Game To Shake War Veterans' Hands. Talk about a MVP!
Teen With Brain Disorder Wishes For 100 Friends. Classmates Have Sweetest Response. \We wanted to help make her wish come true.\
Boy Writes Letter Offering Friendship To Bully After Being Spit On. \I wanted to touch his heart.\
These Carts Are Letting Kids With Disabilities Roll Down The Aisle In Style. This is one sweet seat.
Watch Marines Reunite With Beloved War Dogs After Years Apart. \I got my buddy back.\
Watch 5 Full Hours Of A Guy Standing On An Exercise Ball For Charity. A workout for the world!
Goalie Born Without Lower Legs Is A Winner On High School Soccer Team. Score!
Loving Daughter Starts #DateDiane Campaign So Her Mom Won't Be Lonely. Do you want to #DateDiane?
Boy's Heartfelt Note To Injured Cop Thanks Him For Being 'Like A Dad'. The police officer said he was \fighting tears\ after receiving the note.
Meet The Man Who Put On A Tutu To Show Support For His Wife. When his wife was diagnosed with breast cancer, Bob put on a tutu and went straight for the laughs.
Fantasy-Inspired Prosthetic Limbs Empower Kids To Feel Like Heroes. Out-of-this-world awesome!
Pit Bull Has Been Waiting Almost 1,000 Days For A Loving Home. \Every creature deserves a safe home and to find love. We all deserve a second chance.\
Internet Raises $100,000 For Boy In Wheelchair Blessed By Pope During US Visit. Michael's family will use the money to buy a wheelchair-accessible van.
Woman Finds Out Her $100,000 House Was Designed By Frank Lloyd Wright. \It does feel like a reward.\
We Wish These Knitted Dissection Models Could Be Used Instead Of Real Animals. Knitted rat dissection model? Oh yes, we'll take one of those.
This Rescue Pit Bull Made His Bed Every Day While Waiting To Be Adopted. So happy he's found a forever home!
This Viral Photo Shows Humankind At Our Best. \Sometimes you just have to be selfless and put someone else's needs above yours.\
Police Use Pet Cat To Coax Man From San Francisco Ledge. \The second that cat arrived we were able to talk him out.\
3 Generations Of Tight-Knit Family Have Worn This Sweater For School Picture Day. The sweetest tradition.
Lucky The Pig Finds A Happy Home After Falling Onto Highway. Thank (hog) heavens.
Standup Guy Supports Homecoming Date Who Has Cancer In Sweetest Way. A true class act.
Watch College Students Surprise Beloved Cafe Worker With A Dream Trip To Disney. Simple and sweet as bibbidi bobbidi boo.
Farmer Shares $12,000 Pumpkin Contest Winnings With Daughter. He purchased the seed from which he grew the pumpkin from the Make-a-Wish foundation.
This Little Piggy Escaped Slaughter And Now Trots Around A Sanctuary. \He will be very loved and cared for here.\
Pup Rescued After Being Trapped In Hawaii Volcanoes National Park. The scary incident had a happy ending with lots of kisses and tail-wagging.
Wildlife Mating Bridge Could Bring More Sexytime To California Cougars. (As in, animals.)
A Tale of Two Animals. Two animal videos caught my attention this week, with very different outcomes for the humans involved.
Community Harvests Field For Farmer With Cancer, Sows Endless Love. \It is unconditional support like this that makes you want to live here.\
Unstoppable Cancer Patient On Chemotherapy Crushes Squat Challenge. #SquatGoals.
Photo Of Cop And His Daughter Having A Tea Party Is Arrestingly Adorable. To protect and serve a cup of cuteness.
Teen Invents Adaptable Stroller So Mom In Wheelchair Can Cruise With Baby. Strollin' in style and comfort.
Why Lizzie Velasquez Is 'Thankful' For Her Online Haters. Once called the \world's ugliest woman,\ Velasquez says the online trolls motivate her.
Girl Uses Her Allowance To Buy Ice Cream For Mourning State Troopers. \Relief comes in all different shapes and sizes.\
These #PopeDogs Are Sinfully Adorable. The pups are pretty excited about the papal visit.
Shelter Pets Pose For Retro Yearbook Photos And It's Glorious. Straight As for awesomeness
Boy Skips Birthday Gifts, Raises $1,290 For Bullet-Proof Vests For K9 Unit Instead. To paw-tect and serve.
Boy Who Asked Mailman For Junk Mail In Viral Story Pays Kindness Forward. Helping to write many more happy endings.
After Receiving Call About Homeless Kittens, 911 Operator Saves The Day. \u201cI could hear them crying in the background. You could tell they were very little.\u201d
Pit Bull Pup Rescued From Donation Bin Outside Walmart Gets Fresh Start. The precious pooch is now safe and sound.
Ahmed Mohamed\u2019s Family Serves Up Pizza To Media Waiting Outside Home. A class act.
Caring Cops Accompany Late Colleague's Child To Father-Daughter Dance. \We know we cannot replace Tim, but we can be there for his family.\
Dog Discovers The Many Wonders Of A Hula Hoop. Few thing are quite as impressive as dogs \u2014 who by some feat of incredible patience by their trainers \u2014 manage to learn to
Just 2 Pooches With Their Heads Poking Through A Fence. Nothing To See Here. Howdy, neighbor!
Devastated Doggie's Face Will Make Owner Rue The Day He Didn't Share His Burger. She actually managed to make \disappointed\ look cute.
Cop Gives Pizza To Homeless Man, Goes Beyond Call Of Duty In Best Way. \Sometimes we all just need a little help.\
Teacher's Cardio 'Nae Nae' Will Make You Want To Go To Gym Class. Can we take his class??
Man Reunited With Wedding Ring Lost In Another State 39 Years Ago. It had the date \2-6-60\ engraved inside.
Rescued Baby Fox Can\u2019t Get Enough Belly And Chin Rubs. A tiny baby fox is now getting a second chance at life after being abandoned by its mother.
These Cops Want Girls To Know Their Job Isn't Just For Guys. #GirlCopsAreAwesome
Nature Videos Could Help Inmates In Solitary Confinement Cope. The project hopes to quell anxiety and chaos in a correctional facility.
These Red Panda Babies Are Too Adorable Not To Be Famous. Baby's first photo op.
Last Rescue Dog From Ground Zero Gets A Day To Remember In NYC. Every year, when the anniversary of 9/11 approaches, I like to take a quiet moment to reflect on the many heroes who saved
Dreamy Dolphin Surf Squad Has Us Longing For An Endless Summer. Can we join?
Dancing Starbucks Worker Serves Up Frappuccinos With A Side Of Sass. You betta work.
People Attempt To Say 58-Letter Name Of Village, Are Not Exactly Successful. Can you say \Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch?\
'Orcs Of New York' Is The 'HONY' Parody Even Sauron Would Adore. Imagine seeing one of these guys at your subway stop.
A Rainbow Appeared At The World Trade Center Just Before 9/11 Anniversary. #magicalrainbow
Police Officer Quietly Buys Food At Chipotle For Man In Need. The humble sergeant thought nobody would know about the kind act.
Clap Your Flippers For Hawaii Hospital That Rescued 2 Endangered Seal Pups. \Each individual counts when you only have 1,100 animals.\
Stranger Pays Tribute To Late Soldier Every Day In Thoughtful Way. \It was the least I could do for him.\
Strangers Transform Busy NYC Crosswalk Into Ballroom Dance Hall. Comedy collective Improv Everywhere organized this wonderful stunt.
This Guy's 'Cha-Cha Slide' Game Is Strong. One word
Navajo Woman Trucks Water 75 Miles A Day To People On Parched Reservation. The \water lady\ is a local hero in this area of the Navajo Nation.
Inmate Offers To Be Bone Marrow Donor For Judge Who Helped Put Him In Prison. \There is no hatred or animosity in my heart towards you.\
Awww. When baby animals are orphaned in the wild, their chances of survival are quite small. Some young animals depend on their
Neighbor's Facebook Post Spurs Strangers To Fix Elderly Man's Roof. \I was so surprised and delighted because I was not expecting such a response.\
Turns Out Obama Has Some Pretty Smooth Yup'ik Dance Moves. Next up
People Find Out How Successful Their Loved Ones Really Think They Are. Give yourself a little more credit.
Man Buys Fire Truck To Help Protect Neighbors From Wildfires. Alex Thomason, a finalist a one-time finalist on The Apprentice, and\u00a0a lawyer living in Pateros, outside Spokane, originally
Cop Slaps Man With Ticket, But Gives Best Surprise To Sick Niece. \He just put a little more effort into his job to make a little girl's day a little brighter.\
Utility Workers Pay Fitting Tribute To Late Colleague With Trucks And Flags. A shining example of camaraderie and teamwork.
Watch A Casual Fishing Trip Turn Into An Incredible Kitten Rescue. Not your everyday fish tale.
Construction Workers' Sweet Note To Sick Tot Is The Strongest Support Beam. Get well soon, Vivian.
Epic Doug The Pug Music Video Compilation Is Giving Us Lyfe. He came in like a wrecking ball.
Splish Splash! Golden Retriever Couldn't Be More Happy About This Bath. Pure joy, just add water.
Firefighters Rescue Man After Heart Attack, Then Finish Mowing His Lawn. Ralph McCrory had a heart attack while cutting his grass in the Florida heat.
Kid Realizes He's Standing Next To Famous Soccer Star, Freaks Out Accordingly. Jaw. Floor.
Prison Teaches Beekeeping To Inmates And It\u2019s All The Buzz. Teaching environmental sustainability could help inmates re-enter the work force after prison.
Hundreds Of Trucks Show Up To Lead Funeral Procession For 3-Year-Old. A beautiful and moving tribute.
Soggy Dog Weathers Rainstorm Thanks To Kindhearted Strangers. A story to make your tail wag.
Cops Stand In For Slain Colleague On His Daughter's First Day Of School. \I know that they will always be there for her.\
Badass Great-Grandmother Is An Ambulance-Driving EMT At Age 87. \She is a tough, tough woman.\
Katrina Survivor Joins ROTC After Witnessing Army's Recovery Efforts. \I want to get further in life and never go backwards.\
LAPD Helps Terminally Ill Mom Throw A Quincea\u00f1era For Her Daughter. Officers rallied the local community to help Beatriz Delgado experience a monumental moment in her daughter's life.
Man Proposes To Boyfriend At Church, Church Responds Perfectly. This is what acceptance looks like.
Teachers' 'Les Mis' Flash Mob Parody Would Make Even Javert Smile. Turning a plain old school auditorium into a \Castle on a Cloud.\
Paddington The Pooch's Dress-Up Game Is Strong. Oh, ya know. Just a dog wearing vampire fangs.
Dog Chilling In A Hot Tub Is Ridiculously Content. This pooch knows what\u2019s up.
Family Safe After House Fire Thanks To Heroic Dog's Warning. SPANISH SPRINGS, Nev. (AP) \u2014 A Spanish Springs family has been forced out of their home after a house fire, but authorities
Watch 1 Of The National Zoo Baby Pandas Adorably Squee And Squawk. Stay healthy, little ones!
Formerly Homeless Man Once Ashamed Of Teeth Gets New Smile From Kind Dentist. A kind dentist gave this man a reason to smile. Harvor Davis, who works for a nonprofit that feeds the homeless, was once
Girl Bullied Over 'Star Wars' Gets Weird Al On Her Side. \She was asked if she was turning into a boy.\
This Pit Bull Went From Likely Euthanasia To Napping With Her Best Cat Friend. \She is such a snuggle bug.\
As Wildfires Rage, Dogs Seen Protecting Body Of Fawn. The pups warded off people and potential predators.
Man Plants Endless Lanes Of Sunflowers To Honor Beloved Late Wife, Benefit Cancer Patients. This man's love for his late wife\u00a0has only blossomed.\u00a0 Don\u00a0Jaquish's beloved wife, Babette, of Eau Claire, Wisconsin, was
Little Girl And Husky Puppy Howl In A Doggone Cute Duet. All together now.
Mom Writes Viral Note To Boy Who Saw Her Son With Disability Like Any Other Kid. \Just by being you, you make this world better.\
Oklahoma Residents Leave Water Out For Mail Carriers During Heatwave, Get Stamp Of Approval. Signed, sealed, delivered -- it\u2019s hot out! Residents in The Village, Oklahoma, are helping to keep mail carriers cool amid
Bunny Wheelchair Is Huge Help For Giant Rabbit Who Couldn't Walk. \Wherever there is still life, everything deserves a chance.\
Autistic Rock Band Grooves To Its Own Beat. \You can also head-bang if you like.\
J.K. Rowling Empowers Writer To Turn Haterade Into Ammunition. Advice taken.
Colorblind Man Sees Sunset For First Time, And It's 'F*cking Cool'. This guy has a new outlook on the world -- and it\u2019s bright and colorful. Aaron Williams-Mele, who is colorblind, posted an
'Don't You Die On Me:' Ohio Trooper Saves Man's Life. Trooper Eric Devers was with the man for 12 minutes before emergency medical personnel arrived at the scene.
Photographer Blends Cartoons And Celebrities Into Every Day Scenes To Spice Up Life. Turns out ET really does phone home.
Man Builds Rad All-Terrain Wheelchair That Looks Like A Tank For War Hero Dad. This son has given his father one cool set of wheels. To make it easier for his World War II veteran father, Eddie Shaw, to
Dying St. Bernard Plays In Snow One Last Time, Has The Time Of Her Life. You WILL cry. Don't say we didn't warn you.
Barber Gives Free Cuts To Kids Who Read Aloud In His Chair, And It\u2019s Shear Genius. The project has inspired new programs that encourage kids to read.
This Physician\u2019s Goofy Dance Moves Are Just What The Doctor Ordered. Doctor, doctor give us the grooves!
Paralyzed 3-Year-Old Boy Has 'Simple, Humble' Wish Fulfilled. Make-A-Wish builds pathway for Kellan Tilton so he can move around his family's property with ease.
Police Department's Cheesy Initiative Rewards Good Behavior With Pizza. BRB, obeying the law.
Woman\u2019s Offer To Turn Stranger\u2019s Lonely Lunch Into A Weekly Date Goes Viral. Two women entered a restaurant for lunch, and left with a new friendship. After holding the door open for an elderly woman
Golden Retriever Puppy Gets A Lesson On How To Use A Slide. Sit. Stay. Slide!
How Dogs Do Summer vs. How Cats Do Summer. When the livin' is easy.
Man Auditions For Miami Heat's All-Female Dance Team, Is In It To Win It. Shut. It. Down.
Watch This Pup Stroll With His Parrot Friend. The tale of a man named Bunny and an unlikely pet friendship.
Classified Ad Exchange Reminds Us That Strangers Can Kind Of Be The Best. One woman who was trying to help her mom was met with a show of compassion from a total stranger.\u00a0 Cara Duggan\u00a0of Belfast
Dog Missing For Almost A Decade Reunites With Family In Colorado. GOLDEN, Colo. (AP) \u2014 An Alabama family drove to Colorado to be reunited with their dog Boozer on Saturday after a 9-year
Mississippi Man Turns Saucy Lyrics Into Dollar Menu Delight. 'Boy you can sing'
This Woman Serves Chicken To Homeless.. Wearing A Funky Chicken Hat. This charitable lady is the poultry provider.
Puppy Trying To Fill A Kiddie Pool With A Hose Is One Cool Hot Dog. The dog days of summer were named for pooches like Maddie.
Cecil Honored By \u2018Lion King\u2019 Animator With A Majestic Illustration. Cue the waterworks.
Georgia Cops Trade Tickets For Treats, Hand Out Ice Cream At Traffic Stops. This police department knows how to keep it cool. Officers in Warner Robins, Georgia, issued ice cream treats instead of
Street Sweeper Saves Girl's Chalk Art (And Our Souls) With Kind Act. A kind street sweeper allowed a little girl's summer fun to last a little bit longer -- and reminded us truly good people
Police Cars Go Rainbow For Pride Celebration, Cops Serve And Protect In Style. Stop in the name of love!
Heroic Officer Rescues Skunk On Same Street Where He Once Saved Ducklings. The police department said he won't receive any special commendations, but we can think of a few he should get.
Puppy With Skin Infection Rescued From Euthanization, Makes Stunning Recovery. This sweet pup named Kristy is now looking more like the beauty queen she was always destined to be, thanks to one rescue
Photos Capturing String Instrument Movements Are So Stunning They Look Photoshopped. This photographer shows us that music doesn't just sound beautiful -- it can look gorgeous as well.\u00a0 Stephen Orlando\u00a0from
Police Officer Fights Crime... And Saves Baby Skunks. Directing traffic, enforcing the law, fighting crime, and rescuing baby skunks from the perils of empty plastic yogurt containers. You know.
New Cecil The Lion Beanie Baby Sales To Be Donated To Wildlife Conservation. The company hopes the plush toy will provide comfort to those saddened by Cecil's death.
Britney Spears Sends Sweet Message To Teen Who Recovered From Stroke Dancing To \u2018Toxic\u2019. This amazing young woman is \Stronger\ than yesterday.
Dog Naps With Toddler Under Blanket, Internet Sighs. Any viral video that can make us dreamy and happy at the same time is OK by us. Dog Raven joined toddler Addison for a nap
They Shoot Horses, Don't They? Not If These Equine Innovators Can Help It. \I can't imagine if someone had suggested shooting me because I lost my leg.\
Now Watch This Amazing TV Reporter Whip, Watch Him Nae Nae. \OK, OK!\
Here's Definitive Proof That There's Nothing Cuter Than Sleeping Puppies. Be prepared to melt into a puddle from the gargantuan amount of cuteness in this video. We did.\u00a0 A video\u00a0uploaded to YouTube
Toddler And Woman, Both Without Arms, Share Heartfelt Hug. This hug spoke volumes.\u00a0 Ruth Evelyn \RE\ Pranke, a 3-year-old from St. Paul, Minnesota, who was born without arms, attended
Family Walks Thousands Of Miles From Disneyland To Disney World In Memory Of Daughter. \We did it on a wing and a prayer.\
800 Corgis Took Over A Beach In California This Weekend. And it was pure, adorable chaos.
Scared Corgi Puppy Tries The Stairs, One Adorable Paw At A Time. Go when you're ready, Peanut Butter.
Hula Dancers Shut Down The Nae Nae, Hawaiian Style. It's all in the hair.
Black Trooper In Powerful Viral Photo With White Supremacist Reveals What Really Happened. What the black state trooper saw was a civilian in distress. Yes, this was a white man, attending a white supremacist rally
The Best Friend Ever? Meet A 9-Year-Old Bracelet Philanthropist. Rubber band jewelry can be a force for good.
Doug The Pug Recreates T-Swift's Best Mugs. Who's a good boy?!?
Husky's Owner Returns After Long Trip; Dog Has Total Happiness Meltdown. \OMG. You're HOOOOOOME!\
Police Officer Spends Last Day On The Job Giving Out Gift Cards Instead Of Tickets. Commander Brian Peters wanted to give back to a community that has done so much for him, so he spent his last day as a police
Teen's Kind Act Is 'A Little Touch Of Heaven' To The Elderly Woman He Helped. A teen fast food worker has received praise from people across the Internet for his moving show of compassion.\u00a0 Kailen Young
Selfless Boy Uses Make-A-Wish To Bring Free Food Truck To His Supportive Community. A Minnesota food truck is cooking up something extra special, free of charge. Lucas Hobbs, a boy who battled cancer, is using
Man Builds Custom Motorcycle To Honor His Late Wife. Jody Jendon keeps his wife's memory alive by driving around a pink motorcycle.
Marching Band Gives Cancer Patient Fanfare She Deserves After Her Chemotherapy. This marching band has played plenty of winning games, but Monday\u2019s performance celebrated the greatest victory of all
These Dogs Were Scheduled To Die. But A Hug Changed Everything. \She gave me hope when I had none.\
Compassionate Teen Saves Pig Friend From Slaughter. \She was like my best friend.\
School Choir Serenades Teacher Who Was Diagnosed With Cancer In Beautiful Show Of Support. After one beloved teacher received some tough news, the school choir made sure she knew that they'd be there to support her
Local Restaurants Pay Respects To Chattanooga Shooting Victims In Simple, Moving Way. In the wake of last Thursday's\u00a0shooting rampage in Chattanooga, Tennessee,\u00a0that left four Marines and a Navy sailor\u00a0dead
Cop Spends His Last Day On The Job Handing Out Gift Cards To Strangers. A police officer traded parking tickets for gift certificates, to give back to the community he loves. Cmdr. Brian
Retiring Teacher Moved To Tears By Surprise Flash Mob On Her Last Day. A beloved teacher had one last unforgettable experience at her school, courtesy of her students and colleagues.\u00a0 Margaret
After Woman's Wheelchair Breaks Down, Police Officers Cheer Her Up With A Hug -- And Birthday Cake. \Officer, I'm having a really bad day. I could use a hug.\
Rabbit The Pawless Poodle Struts His Stuff With New Prosthetics. He now has a forever home too.
Facebook Helps Save Life Of Man With Disability After His Incoherent Post Caught Friends\u2019 Attention. His Facebook friends knew something was wrong.
4-Year-Old Cancer Patient 'Marries' Her Favorite Nurse. They sealed the deal with a ceremonial exchange of ring pops
Just Try Not To Smile While You Watch These Dancing Puppies. The only thing more adorable than one puppy being cute is five puppies being cute \u2014 and in unison.
Bird Scores A Goal, Celebrates Like A Champ. Like most soccer superstars, this cockatoo plays the beautiful game with unbridled joy -- and it isn't afraid to show off
How This Dog Finds Its Owner In A Field Will Make You Smile. It's just a dog finding its owner in a field\u00a0-- yet it's so charming. The video of the pooch weaving unseen through the
Restaurant Bartender Leaves A Single Beer Out To Remember Fallen Soldier. This bartender is paying tribute to a fallen soldier in an unexpected way.\u00a0 Brian Avey, who works at a\u00a0Buffalo Wild Wings
This Dog May Actually Be An Ewok. The Force is strong with this one.
Music Festivalgoers Can Give  Blood In Exchange For Discounted Tickets. Also on HuffPost:\u00a0 \u00a0 Untold Festival, a four-day music event in Translyvania (eek, Dracula!) is hoping to increase blood
Perfectly Timed Photos That Make Dogs Look Like Giants. Sometimes, all it takes for a little dog's size to match his big personality is a change of perspective.
Weather Forecaster Can't Stop, Won't Stop Unleashing Taylor Swift Lyrics In Hilarious Report. This is how\u00a0every weather forecast should be reported.\u00a0 Mike Thomas, a weather forecaster in Washington, D.C., delivered
Texas Police Officer Pulls Woman Over, Ends Up Saving Her Life. \u201cIt's really amazing how quickly he recognized that something was wrong.\u201d
After His Job Plea Was Posted To Twitter, Homeless Man Is Flooded With Offers. For one homeless man, things have taken a turn for the better, all thanks to the power of social media.\u00a0 Jordan Lockett, a
Terminally Ill Boy Gets Early Avengers-Themed Halloween Party Fit For The Mightiest Hero. This community came together to make sure one boy could live his final months to the fullest.\u00a0 Billy Lee, a 5-year-old who
'Star Wars' Fan Walks 645 Miles To Comic-Con In Stormtrooper Costume As Tribute To Late Wife. One man honored his late wife in an out-of-this-world way.\u00a0 Before her death from pancreatic cancer in 2012, Kevin Doyle's
River Guide Carries Malnourished Bear Cub To Safety In Raft. Thanks for the ride!
Migrant Laborers In California Get Free English Classes From Local Charitable Teen. A young woman is breaking down language barriers to give hardworking people a fair hand at a good job. California teen
Texas Cop Does The Nae Nae Dance. A Texas\u00a0police officer is going viral for all the right reasons after being caught on video\u00a0doing the \Nae Nae\ dance\u00a0with
Policeman Buys Diapers, Shoes For Mom Of 6 Who Was Caught Shoplifting. When a mother in need expected to get in trouble with the law, she was met with a moving show of generosity, instead.\u00a0 Sarah
Teen Knocks Out Cancer, Celebrates Victory By Running Up Iconic \u2018Rocky\u2019 Steps. He\u2019s no boxer, but 13-year-old Sean Bartolucci is celebrating a knockout victory that Rocky Balboa would be proud of
Snorkelers 'Jam Out' At Underwater Concert, Learn About Coral Reefs In The Best Way. BIG PINE KEY, Fla. (AP) \u2014 Hundreds of music-loving snorkelers and divers, joined by distance swimmer Diana Nyad, ducked beneath
Fishermen Lose It In The Best Way When Whales Pop Up Next To Their Boat. Whale of a good time.
Monday Matters. 
Dog Snitched On By Canine Pal In Most Adorable Way. 
An Open Letter to the Lifeguard Who Saved a Little Boy. I know it's your \job\ but it's also your worse fear. No one can ever have enough training to prepare you for what this moment will actually feel like, but because of you, this little boy is home playing with his family today.
Tattoo Artist Turns Girl's Leg Braces Into Wicked Awesome Disney Villains. 
Cops Coach Chicago Youth Baseball League To Foster Peace In Crime-Ridden Neighborhood. 
7 Things You Should Not Apologize For. From an early age, we're taught to color between the lines. We're taught that conformity is \normal\ and that we shouldn't ruffle any feathers.
Cop Gives Electronic Tablet To Girl Who Was Saving Up To Buy Device, Just To See Her Smile. 
30 Things I've Learned About Life and Kindness In My 30s. The first person you need to be kind to is yourself. It's been said you can't give away something you don't have. It's near impossible to be genuinely kind to others if you do not treat yourself well.
Wild Goat Chills With Kangaroos, Thinks He's Part Of The Family. 
Single Mom Buys Billboard To Congratulate Her Son On High School Graduation. 
Sweden Blood Bank Texts Donors To Notify Them Whenever Their Blood Helps Save A Life. 
Michael Jackson's 'Beat It' Sounds Wondrously Funky On Acoustic Guitar. 
Father-Son Duo Brings Breakfast To Life With Syrupy Sweet Pancake Art. 
Heartwarming Rescue of a Blind Pug Will Give You All the Feels. When a special needs pug came to the Michigan Humane Society, he was in bad shape. Mikey's beginning wasn't a positive one, and he was nearly euthanized before he got into the safe hands of MHS volunteers.
Chinese Woman Buys 100 Dogs To Save Them From Meat Festival. 
Civilization & Values. One of the pleasures of having lived for several decades is that old friends drop by now and again. In an email sent to a few friends and colleagues, Stuart Kauffman passed along a piece he and his co-authors have written for the United Nations about the UN's Sustainable Development Goals.
Remembering My Father on Father's Day. What I learnt from my father was to share with others whatever you are enjoying in your own life. If we are enjoying prosperity, share some of that with those who don't have enough.
Boy Donates Birthday Money To Kids Of Fallen Officer. 
WATCH. 
Charleston Shooting Vigil Ends With Moving Civil Rights Anthem 'We Shall Overcome'. 
Family Matters. I believe we can change the world. My passion is seeking out and shining a light on people, businesses, organizations and communities that are doing just that. I call these people DreamMakers. Family Matters of Greater Washington led by their visionary President and CEO, Tonya Jackson Smallwood are DreamMakers.
Monday Matters. 
Lost Elderly Woman In Scooter Chair Gets Police Escort Home -- At 6 MPH. 
Snape From 'Harry Potter' Now Works For American Airlines Among Common Muggles. 
Formerly Single Mom Provides Free Laundry, Dignity For Families In Need. 
Boy With Asperger's Dreaded Field Day, So Fellow Fifth-Graders Helped Him Feel Like A Star. 
Choosing Hope. Even when it appears that we do not have any choices, we still have choices. We always have choices. Many students - many adults, even - do not even realize that so many more choices exist.
Super Troopers Buy Pizzas For Stranded Travelers. 
Fifth-Grader Nails Whitney Houston Classic For Talent Show. 
After Seeing A Fifth-Grader Get Bullied, This Group Of Boys Vowed To Stand Up For Him. 
Having Emotions Is Sometimes a Sign of Strength. In my first softball game, in the over-a-certain-age league, I was force to run to second on a ground ball. I over ran the bag but the fielder bobbled it. Without thinking I slid back and tagged the bag. Safe!
WATCH. Armed with an American flag and dressed like their favorite rock 'n' roll icons, Gene Simmons and Paul Stanley of KISS, brothers John and Jamie Downs participate in marathons to give back to the men and women who have been injured while protecting our freedom.
Sleepy Baby Elephant Picks One Awful Napping Spot. A couple tourists to Krueger National Park in South Africa got to witness one little guy fall behind when he couldn't keep up when they stumbled upon a baby elephant in the road.
Cop Who Responded To Deadly Crash Stands In Parents' Place At Son's Graduation. 
Woman Who Is Paralyzed Just Wanted To Style Her Hair, So A Stranger Made Her A Modified Tool. 
Navajo Band Teaches Native American Youth How To Write Their Own Songs, Overcome Obstacles. 
Monday Matters. 
Pit Bull Rescued From High-Kill Shelter Really Loves Snuggling. 
Teen Mom Who Was Once Homeless Becomes High School Valedictorian. 
Radish (a Cat) Wants Outta Here.... It's a shame that so many millions of felines are put to sleep before given their chance to shine.
Card Starts Viral Movement of Kindness. The act of doing a good deed for someone else makes oneself feel as good as (if not better than) the recipient. We aren't talking about paying someone's student loans off or remodeling someone's house.
Grandmother Joyously Reunites With Stranded Poodle After Texas Floods. 
Pets In Austin Find Loving Foster Homes After Being Displaced By Floods. 
High Schoolers Donate Class Trip Money To Principal Battling Cancer. 
Paralyzed Ex-Football Player Walked Again To Graduate And Got Engaged. How Was Your Weekend?. 
Chicago Police Throw Daddy-Daughter Dance, Personally Escort Girls Without Fathers. 
Monday Matters. 
Neighborhood Rallies Together To Save Beloved Homeless Man. 
A Father's Generosity -- On Steroids. My dad says going to college taught him to say, \That's incredible!\ instead of \No sh*t!\ By the time you read this story, I wouldn't blame you for saying either one. May it inspire you to believe in minor miracles and go after them with all your heart.
How Laramie's LGBT Decision Awakens Us. After 17 years of dogmatic slumber and denial over the grisly murder of University of Wyoming student Matthew Shepard, Laramie's City Council passed the state's first broad LGBT protection ordinance.
Pet Store Switches Animals for Shelter Pets. A pet store in Brazil, decided to perform an experiment. What would happen if they put shelter pets in place of the regular animals for sale. Would this help more shelter animals find homes, by making them seem like pets for sale?
Man Wins Fallen Deputy's Patrol Car At Auction, Gives The Keys To Grieving Sons. 
WWII Female Pilot Flies Favorite Fighter Plane 70 Years Later. 
How an iPad Saved My Father's Life. Each day felt like a monumental task for him to face. He was mostly catatonic, staring at his own gorgeous art on the walls, art that he thought he'd never be able to make again.
Chinese Company Takes 6,400 Employees On Awesome European Vacay For Free. 
Dreaming Dog Wakes Up And Knows Everything's Right In The World. 
Moms In Need Get Clothing, Toiletries For Their Families Just In Time For Mother's Day. 
My Mother's Gift. My mother worked as a seamstress. She would do sewing work and would design and sew costumes for Carnaval in Mazatl\u00e1n. It was tiring work but she still managed to make the time to show us kids how important we were to her. It could not have been easy.
Daughter With Down Syndrome Inspires Mom to Create Fashion Accessory Business. This is the ultimate story of a mothers love for her child. Boynton Beach, FL mom, Laurie Ruehlman wanted to spend more quality time with her daughter, Payton, who has Down Syndrome.
Message In A Bottle Found 40 Years Later. 
The Epic Selfie Guy Is Back To Give You Major Summer Wanderlust. 
Monday Matters. 
This Little Piglet Is Living Like A Princess In Hawaii. 
Boy With Asperger's Kisses His Mom For First Time After Adopting Loving Rescue Pit Bull. 
Happy Anniversary Match.com -- Meet Their First Success Story. Twenty years ago last month, a brand-new dating website called Match.com was launched into the universe and radically changed how couples connected. In fact, it is estimated that 40 million Americans now partake in some kind of online dating service.
Be Authentic? Beauthentic!. There is beauty in being who you truly are, in embracing your true self and sharing this with the world.
This 11 Year Old Child Will Never Again Say, \I Can't Read.\. It is Teacher Appreciation Week from May 4 through May 8. I was a reading specialist a long time ago, but wrote about this miraculous experience shortly after it happened.
Aging and (Dying). Neilsen, \the media maven\, reports that if The United States baby boomers (over 50) were a separate nation, it would constitute the 3rd largest economy in the world (after The U.S. and China).
View From A Helicopter Proves Miami Truly Is The Magic City. 
I Know Something About Grace. As an African American woman parenting alone with little to no support, I know something about grace. Time and again grace, meaning unmerited favor, has intervened and sustained me through each difficult challenge that I have faced.
How 18 Cents Became A Powerful And Moving Gift. 
Shelter Dogs Now Helping Save Lives In Nepal Following Earthquake. 
Poets Help Give Underfunded Schools A Voice With Spoken Word Workshops. 
For Past 3 Years, Teen Has Carried Fellow Student Who Has Muscular Dystrophy To Class. 
Proving Them Wrong. Traditional medicine treats a spinal cord injured person above the level of their injury.  So if someone is paralyzed from the neck down, they will be treated above the neck.  At Project Walk Claremont we treat these individuals below the level of injury.
Tragedy Really Does Build Character. Everyone tells you that you will feel sorrow but no one could prepare you for legitimate heartache that comes with that. Everyone tells you how you will hurt, but I am here to tell you how you will grow.
Monday Matters. 
Be Honest With Everyone. Honesty is a facet of moral character, which connotes positive and virtuous attributes such as, integrity, truthfulness, straightforwardness, forthrightness of conduct, with the absence of lying, cheating and exaggerating.
These Hospital Employees Wear Zany Tutus To Brighten Kids' Days. 
Generous Stranger Buys Dozens Of Roses From Vendor On Subway, Tells Her To Give Them Away. 
UConn Baseball Welcomes 5-Year-Old With Leukemia Onto Team, Gives Him His Own Locker. 
Blind Dogs Are Getting A Second Chance Thanks To This Simple Device. 
Eye-Catching Clothing Line Uses Biology-Themed Designs To Attract Girls To Science. 
Chris Pratt Helps Raise $90,000 For Boy With Brain Cancer. 
Hot Wheels Roll In From Around The World To Comfort Sick Toddler. 
My Mother's Journey With Alzheimer's. I haven't seen the movie \Still Alice\ because my mother has Alzheimer's disease. While she slips away into the advanced stages of this ferocious illness, I can't watch anything that illustrates the journey my family is on.
The Wonderful Moment A Returning Soldier Surprised His Parents At An NHL Game. 
120,000 Adoptions for a No-Kill Animal Shelter. 
Photo Series Of People With Down Syndrome Beautifully Illustrates The Diversity of Humans. 
The Compassion of Nurses. As I lay in my hospital bed, the nurse came into my room looking unhappy. It was late at night, and I needed help. I don't recall what for, but the nurse was there to help me.
Feel Like Giving Up? Now Is the Time to Fight Harder. I know, just as most people do, the feeling of dread that can overcome us all from time to time. This feeling seems to creep up after you've made some progress towards your goals, but then roadblocks or barriers appear.
Kiki, A Pit Bull Who Uses A Wheelchair, Has A Can-Do Spirit And Needs A Forever Home. 
Medicine for the People Delivered Through Music. Music is transformative, it is a powerful medicine. When I was younger while visiting my Cherokee uncle, Goat Carson, in New Orleans he always talked about how music was a form of prayer, a powerful kind of medicine.
How A Message Written On The Back Of Her Car Led This Woman To Find Her Kidney Donor. 
Make-A-Wish Grants 4-Year-Old's Simple Request To 'Live Comfortably' At Home. 
How 90,000 Lost, Damaged Photos Were Restored And Returned To Victims Of 2011 Japan Tsunami. 
The Young Person's Secret To Success? Living At Home. 
7 Ways Real Brides Can Save Money On Their Wedding. 
A Triple Amputee's Dream Wedding Brings Community Together. Marine Corporal Juan Dominguez lost both legs and his right arm in an explosion in 2010 while serving in Afghanistan. On April 27, 2013, the community of Temecula, California came together to give Juan and his bride Alexis their dream wedding.
Appreciate Each Moment. One of the ultimate objectives of attaining inner peace is learning to live happily in the present moment. Keep in mind that life is a continuous succession of present moments.
Artist With Paraplegia Uses His Mouth To Paint Hawaii's Vivid Colors On Canvas. 
Errand of Mercy. Waif and Snuf are following suit and will be dining on soft food for the rest of their lives. Once Snuf recovers from her dentistry, she's heading off to an eye clinic, where we are going to evaluate her options for restoring her sight.
Got Happiness? If Not, Try What Slough Did. Psychologist Richard Stevens initiated an experiment in the town of Slough. The purpose of his project was to determine whether it might be possible to intentionally raise the happiness level of an entire community by promoting certain practices among the population.
Cabela, The Dog Shot And Tied To Train Tracks, Gets Outpouring Of Support During Recovery. 
Does This Cat's Eyebrows Remind You Of Anyone?. 
Boy Mysteriously Receives Heartwarming Postcard From His Deceased Father. 
How Yoga Could Change The Lives Of Students In One Low-Income Community. 
A Passionate Rhythm of Right Work. When we are truly in our right work, there is a powerful and passionate rhythm to our work. We are in synchronicity with the most basic and personal beat that comes from our hearts. Barbara Borden is a woman and world-class professional drummer, and definitely, in her right work!
8-Year-Old Sells Hot Chocolate, Donates Profits To Hospital That Saved His Friend's Life. 
Customer Gives Mega Tip So Single Dad Can Get Dental Work, Reason To Smile. 
Retired Nurse Uses Pension Money To Help Provide Meals To 7,000 Hungry People Each Month. 
Awesome Senior Prank Reminds Principal Why He Loves His Job. 
In Epic Battle Of Dogs vs. Imaginary Doors, Pups Would Rather Be Safe Than Sorry. 
Free Eye Care Gives Poor Students 'Fighting Chance' To Succeed In School. 
91-Year-Old Is Living Her Dream As A Tech Designer At Silicon Valley Firm. 
Blind Girl Produces Whimsical 'Wizard Of Oz' Scene As She's Always Pictured It. 
Touching Photo Series Captures Dying Pit Bull's First And Last Time Seeing The Ocean. 
Homeless Man Helps Push Cars Up Hill In Snow Storm, Internet Rewards Him For Kind Act. 
How Detroiters Got Dozens Of Parks Reopened And Made The CIty Better For Kids. 
Homeless Man's Kind Gesture Inspired Viral Campaign That's Getting People Off The Streets. 
People With Disabilities Can Easily Find Accessible Spots With This App. 
Not Your Typical Artist. \She may look like a little kid, but she'll hate you if you treat her like one. She's trapped in a body that doesn't work. Inside, she's just like you.\ I said this to the millennials who applied. We rarely hired anyone who wasn't a millennial. Ariela wanted to be with her peers.
Nursing Home Resident On Group Disney Trip. 
Dog Covered With Oil Rescued. Bentley the Shih Tzu was the victim of a terrible person. Bentley was dropped at a shelter in Meltham, England, covered with mats and smelling like oil.
Lessons From A President's Day Accident. Now a year older than Mom was when she and Dad crashed, I am  more viscerally aware of life's fragility and finitude, and of the importance of savoring daily gifts.
Male Amputee Model Walks In New York Fashion Week Show Featuring People With Disabilities. 
People With Disabilities Have A Hard Time Finding Jobs, And This Company Is Doing Something About It. 
Internet Raises Funds For Firefighter Who Responded To Emergency Call At His Own Home. 
My Husband, My Valentine. Yesterday, as I stood outside our house ready to being my morning walk, I noticed a somewhat familiar car parked on the street. I see this car from time to time, but I don't know the owner.
Severely Injured Toucan Who Was Attacked By Vandals To Receive 3-D Printed Prosthetic Beak. 
Company's Staff Is 80% Employees With Autism, Provides Model For Other Businesses. 
Overlooked Elderly Pets Need Love Too, And This Pit Bull Is Proof. 
Bill Nye Meets With Young Fan Who Has Autism, Reignites Our Love For The 'Science Guy'. 
Does Kindness Matter? My Grandmother Says Yes. My mother has always shown me the way to doing the right thing. She doesn't shy away from funerals or miscarriages or heart attacks. She brings meals to families who need help. She knows what to say in every situation; and even if she's not sure, she makes her best effort.
This Tibetan Monk Has Taken In 170 Orphan Children. 
Moving Photos Of Rescued Dogs And Their Tattooed Humans Remind Us To Ditch Stereotypes. 
Firefighters Return To Finish Shoveling Heart Attack Victim's Driveway, Launch #ShovelItForward Movement. 
Pit Bulls In Pajamas Aim To Warm People Up To The Breed. 
Strangers Help Shovel Snow So This Man Can Deliver A Daisy To His Late Wife Every Day. 
Banksy Exhibit Inspires Ex-Drug Addict To Change His Own Life Through Art. 
Why We Should Stop Saying Sorry So Often. Not only do we devalue \sorry\ when we use it unnecessarily, but we also devalue ourselves.
8 Adorable Dogs Playing In The Snow. Snow is here whether we like it or not -- but these dogs sure know how to make winter a little more fun! Check out this hysterical video as these energetic pups slide, swerve, and shuffle around in the snow. Onward, to winter wonderland!
Woman Who Has Cerebral Palsy Is Writing An Entire Novel By Typing With Her Toes. 
Some Awesome People Shoveled The Boston Marathon Finish Line During The Blizzard. 
Teacher And His Students Recreate 'Uptown Funk,' Get An A+ In Breakin' It Down. 
Guy Doing Doughnuts With A Snowplow Is Handling The Blizzard Brrriliantly. 
Holocaust Survivor Salutes Liberator In Emotional Meeting Decades Later. 
Dedicated 'Humans Of New York' Fans Raise Money To Send Underserved Kids On Harvard Visit. 
Groups Place Free Hats And Scarves Around Cities, Spread Warmth To Those Who Need It Most. 
WATCH. 
A Young Global Leader at Johns Hopkins. 
Man Floats In Sky Tied To 90 Balloons, Channels Iconic 'Up' Scene. 
How Facebook Helped Me Identify An Abducted Child. The little girl appeared to be a happy, curious child. The next morning, when the man came in and paid for another night, I didn't think anything about it. But at that moment, looking at the alert, there was no doubt in my mind it was the same man and child that were just across the parking lot from where I was sitting.
Teen's Balloon Letter To Late Father Gets Beautiful Reply From Strangers 400 Miles Away. 
My Inheritance from My Father. My grandfather passed along his understanding of Mother Nature to me. Through watching him interact with the dogs on the farm, I learned much of what I know about dog psychology.
These Brothers Put Your Snowman To Shame. 
French Bulldog Puppy Loves Slippers, Loves Stealing Them Even More. 
Restaurant Bans Tips, Will Pay Servers A Livable Wage. 
It Didn't Take A Miracle To Save These Dogs. It Took Some Amazing Humans. 
Adoption Inquiries Pour In For Dog Abandoned At Train Station With Suitcase Of Belongings. 
Clever Teacher Jazzes Up Students' Doodles With Own Hilarious Drawings. 
Perspective. If you're in the midst of something difficult, find a way to gain perspective. Approach your challenges with gratitude not resentment; with fascination not frustration.
Dog on Chain Rescued After 6 Years. Time to start off the new year with an amazing story! Guardians of Rescue took it upon themselves to save a sweet female dog, who had been chained up in a backyard for six years.
Firefighters Turn Up The Heat In This Smokin' Calendar That Benefits Animals. 
2014 Photos That Remind Us The World Is A Good Place After All. 
Missing Puppy Headed Back To Worried Owners After 2,400-Mile Road Trip. 
What One Encounter at the Laundromat Taught Me About Life. It was almost closing time when I met Tom. Closing time in my world is at the laundromat where the last wash is at 10 p.m. and the doors close at midnight.
WATCH. 
Did the Shepherds Laugh?. As the family gathered to feast and celebrate this Christmas, my 7-year-old granddaughter carefully moved every animal and character until she was satisfied with the scene. Then she asked a serious question.\Did the shepherds laugh?\
The 10 Most Influential Animals Of 2014. These animals stole your heart in 2014.
Cancer Survivor, 9, Brings Toys To Sick Kids Spending Christmas At The Hospital. 
A Few Coins, a Random Act of Kindness and a Christmas Tree. When we arrived, a big burly man walked up and said, \How can I help you?\ We explained that we came to buy a tree. He asked how much money we had and my brother held the change out in the palm of his hand. \Hmm...\ the man said, \I think I have the perfect tree for you.\
Human Throws Her Cat A Snazzy Birthday Bash, Feline Is Not Impressed. 
Things Heat Up In The Kitchen When 12-Year-Old Busts Out Moves We Didn't See Coming. 
Just Believe. A little over two years ago, my life began to implode.  I found myself confronting issues that I had been trying to suppress for years. It wasn't drug addiction or alcoholism, nor was it depression or abuse. I was struggling with the complications of living with a neuromuscular disorder.
Toddler With Down Syndrome Stars In Target Ad, Helps Raise Awareness For Condition. 
These Quotes Will Remind You That Life After 50 Is An Absolute Gift. 
Surprising Tricks To Help You Bond With Your Teenager. 
9 Quotes That Will Help You Find The Nerve To Take a Bold Risk. 
Advice In 140 Characters Or Less. 
These Motivational Quotes Will Help You Move On From Whatever Has You Down. 
How I Turned A Traumatic Accident Into An Opportunity To Help. I was at school that day, so I wasn't part of the accident, and part of me has always felt some guilt about that. Thankfully, my family survived, but it was a traumatic time for all of us. After hearing about Kershaw's Challenge, I thought about how I could turn the accident into something positive and help other people in the process.
Dog Eats Enough Homework To Make Old MacDonald Blush. 
Global Meditation Celebrates World Spirit Day on December 21. The solstice reminds us of our connection to the dance of the planets and seasons. It is a time for family and gathering to to celebrate and give thanks.
The Pursuit of Happiness. If I have created a life of meaning in which I have a deep sense of purpose and value, that won't change because someone knocks my ice cream cone over. Fulfillment is a state of existence, not a fleeting emotion.
Abused Pup Found With Bite Marks In A Garbage Bag Just Needs 'Some Love'. 
The Year of Speaking Kindly. Would you like to increase harmony in your life, cut the potential for conflict and hurting other people? If yes, then this challenge might be for you...
WATCH. 
Walmart Cashier Pays For Man's Groceries With Her Own Money. 
Obese Dachshund Sheds 50 Pounds, Poses For Hot Dog Calendar. 
Holiday Traditions. 
5 Ways to Show Kindness to a Child. One of my favorite times of the day is dinner time. It has nothing to do with the food, especially when I am the cook, and it has everything to do with my usual dining companions -- my two daughters.
9 Quotes That Will Help Your Friend With Work-Life Balance. 
WATCH. 
O Christmas Tree. The very early morning sky is awash in vibrant violet and still sequined in strands of stars. They shiver and twinkle like silver tinsel above us as we head out into the incredible cold, our noses already dripping, our bones beginning to ache.
Cute Ducks Waddling and Saving the World. 
Dog Chases Away Her Friend's Bad Dream With A Good Ol' Snuggle Sesh. 
This Dog Strikes All Sorts Of Fancy Poses For His BFF Photographer Owner. 
This Puppy Is So Moved By The Groove That He Just Needs To Break It Down. 
These Adorably Uncoordinated Pooches Fail At Playing Fetch. 
Volunteers Save Dogs From Breeding Farm. A group of eight volunteers rescued the dogs from the puppy mill auction after raising $200,000 in 11 days. The cause, known as \Operation Rescue Cavalier,\ saved 96 Cavalier King Charles spaniels, seven shiba inus, one French bulldog, two cocker spaniels, one shih tzu and one Yorkshire terrier.
Straight-A Athlete Who Plays 3 Sports With 1 Arm Is A True All-Star. 
Large Canine And Tiny Pooch Team Up To Help Their Veteran Owner Overcome Depression. 
North to Alaska. Voter turnout shot up in Togiak and throughout Native Alaska this year, thanks to the increased availability of early voting, improved language assistance for traditional-language speakers and ballot measures Natives strongly supported.
What Are You Thankful For?. 
Ohio Police Officer Rescues Puppy Twice, Gets A New Best Friend For Thanksgiving. 
Internet Helps Paralyzed Dog Get Love And Care He Deserves. 
Neighbor Hangs Holiday Lights On Terminally Sick Girl's Home, Brightens Her Spirits. 
Evidence of Abundance #20. As education becomes dematerialized, demonetized and democratized, every man, woman and child on the planet will be able to reap the benefits of knowledge. We're rapidly heading toward a world of education abundance.
This 9-Year-Old Collected 400 Pounds Of Food For The Needy For Thanksgiving. 
Airline Brings Passengers To Tears With Surprise Letters From Loved Ones Before Takeoff. 
Little Kid Dreams The Impossible Dream, Tries To Whistle. 
These Stunning Dog Portraits Perfectly Capture Each Pup's Unique Spirit. 
This Panda Is Really Loving The November Snow. 
5 Reasons Why Social Workers Need to Be Rich. The bottom line is this
Elsa The Kitten Saved From Severe Hypothermia, And Given A Fairy-Tale Ending. 
LOOK. 
Charles Darwin and the SunMine. The problem seems to be that all three (reviewer included) adopt an essentially Newtonian perspective
The Three Lives of Thomasina. 
Cops Go Beyond Call Of Duty, Buy Great-Grandma's Groceries After Her Purse Is Snatched. 
Happy World Kindness Day! Quotes to Inspire Kindness. According to the Random Acts of Kindness Foundation November 13th is World Kindness Day. And while it's good to choose kindness 365 days a year, it's nice to have one day reserved as a reminder.
Picking Up the Feathers. I could always tell when he was thinking about the war. It hung in his blue eyes. Far away, like clouds. Wet, like rain.
Military Dogs Offered Well-Deserved Free Medical Care After Serving Our Country. 
Young Cancer Survivor Turns Into WWII Soldier For His Own Movie, Thanks To Make-A-Wish. 
This Man Ditched His Birthday, Asked People To Donate To His Cousin's Cancer Fund Instead. 
Dorothy The Dog And Toto The Cat Are Adopted Together, Learn There's No Place Like Home. 
Sick Woman Granted Final Wish To Say Goodbye To Beloved Horse Hours Before Her Death. 
Birthdays. 
War and Love. The best way to teach love is to show love. Rather than moving apart in fear and hatred, it is better to move together in love and reconciliation. I've had a change of heart.
Town Rallies To Help Family Of Hospitalized High School Football Player. 
WATCH. 
These Pilots Fly At-Risk Dogs To Safe Havens Every Weekend. 
WATCH. 
WATCH. 
This Meteorologist Took His Halloween Costume To The Next Level. 
WATCH. 
This Inspiring Film Reminds Us Of The Value Of A Kind Gesture. 
Pit Bull Abandoned After Fire Has No Hard Feelings For Humans, Just Wants A Forever Home. 
On Being Content.... If you believe being content comes from acquiring luxurious material possessions, living in the best homes money can buy, having all the technological gadgets on the market, and so forth, this is not the case. In fact, it is just the opposite.
'We Have Whiskers, They Have Whiskers:' A Man's Best Friend Is His Cat. I am feeling embarrassed even as I write this, but, well, we have whiskers, they have whiskers.  It is time for the cold war between men and cats to end.
Give Unconditional Love a Chance. I grew up to become a vegetarian turned vegan, volunteer for town shelters, and now am currently employed as a 'dog caretaker' at a no-kill animal shelter. I guess you can say I kind of love animals.
This Pit Bull With A Cleft Palate Proved Doctors Wrong And Is Now Living The Good Life. 
The \Normal\ American Family. Currently, our economy is rebounding faster than most economists predicted mainly because as a country we are becoming increasingly energy independent.
Boy Fighting Cancer Gets The Superhero Theme Song He Deserves. 
Town Holds Early Halloween, Christmas For Boy With Cancer Who Has Just Weeks To Live. 
This Is Why You Don't Train Puppies To Ring Bells. 
Your Pet Won't Put Up A Fight This Halloween When Its Costume Supports Shelter Animals. 
Photographer Creates Moving Tribute To Her Beloved Pooch During The Dog's Final Days. 
These Advocates Are Raising Awareness For Ridiculously Adorable Sloths. 
Evidence of Abundance #14. In Abundance, I wrote about the Rising Billion -- the 3 million people in developing countries who'll become connected to the Internet by 2020. What will these people want? What will they purchase? Trillions of dollars will be injected into the global economy from the Rising Billion alone.
These Lovable Black Rescue Cats Will Make You Leave Your Superstitions Behind. 
Stella The Dog Discovers The Joys Of Fall In A Pile Of Leaves. 
Good Samaritan Rescues 3 From Burning Car Moments Before Explosion. 
15 Animals That Make Us Feel Better About Getting Older. 
Kid President And Grover Remind Us We're All Good People Who Have Something To Give. 
Rescue Animals Get The Help They Need Thanks To Online Donations. 
\Undercats\ Get a Second Chance From Milo's Sanctuary. As a pet writer, it goes without saying that I have a soft spot for animals. So when a friend emailed me a photo of a little kitty wearing a tutu and using a wheelchair, I was intrigued.
Hockey Player Makes 'Dream Come True' For Young Fan Who Has Down Syndrome. 
Axe's Appeal. The world would become so much better place if there was more love and compassion. But unfortunately, we see a lot of evil each and every day.
Twin WWII Pilots Celebrate 92nd Birthdays With Bird's Eye View. 
You Can't Give a Girl Too Many Flowers. Honey, I always hint that I like purple Lisianthus and Gerbera Daises and you always get me an assortment of flowers. These assortments always include Lilies but Lilies remind me of funerals.
Hong Kong Protester Proposes To Girlfriend Amid The Action. 
This Guy Is Going To Grab Coffee With Every Single One Of His 1,000 Facebook Friends. 
Paralyzed Dog Couldn't Be Happier To Get A Second Chance At Walking. 
Find Your Moment to Celebrate Hope. he next Monday, another photo popped up and I was sure it was a joke. But it wasn't. Two holes in one, two weeks in a row. And he's had Parkinson's Disease since 2006.
Firefighters Rescue Elderly Woman At Her Home, Then Go Extra Mile And Do Her Yard Work. 
Pizza Shop Owner Truly Delivers. 
Nonprofit Uses Sports to Promote Social Change. 
Hotel Mogul Enhances Florida Community Through Education. 
Boy Who's Going Blind Granted Wish To See Northern Lights, Says They're Like 'Watercolors' In Sky. 
Dog Rescuers Make Amazing Discovery. 
'We've Both Been In Your Shoes'. 
Firefighters Save Baby Hamsters With Teeny 'Oxygen Masks'. 
World Pet Day Helps Support Animal Charities In Cutest Way Possible. 
WATCH. 
Donations Pour In For Devoted Dog Who Suffered 3rd-Degree Burns Saving Family From Fire. 
Dog Runs Through Water Fountain, Is Basically The Happiest Creature On Earth. 
Strangers To Send 'Nice Bucket' Gift To Ice Challenge Prank Victim In Moving Show Of Solidarity. 
Dashcam Catches Kids Dancing Like Dorks, And It's Glorious. 
This Man With Severe Cerebral Palsy Created Mind-Blowing Art Using Just A Typewriter. 
Announcing My Boldest Mission Yet. There are nearly one billion illiterate people on Earth. Two-thirds of them are women; 250 million of them are children.
You Can't Put this in a Box {Today's Buddha Doodle}. 
Tiny Changes {Today's Buddha Doodle}. 
WATCH. 
Daniel Radcliffe Pays Back Cab Fare 2 Years Later. 
Liberian Boy Who Had Ebola Does Delightful Dance During Treatment, Has Since Recovered. 
A Memorable Melody Through the Proverbs. Singing helps many of us learn and remember lessons. Think about how we all stored the ABC's in our minds -- with a song. Acclaimed children's music group Slugs & Bugs is taking that approach with their new CD.
Abandoned Pup Recovering From Mange Couldn't Be More Excited To Reunite With His Rescuer. 
'One Blow Could Change.. Life'. 
These Dogs That Comforted Each Other In Shelter Have Now Found A Caring Forever Home Together. 
Beloved Dad's Memory Lives On Through Special Message In A Bottle From His Family. 
This Poor Kitty Puts Our Seasonal Allergies To Shame. 
Adorable Photos Of Dogs Help Animal Rescue Group Recover After Devastating Fire. 
Help New York's Candy Cab Driver Get A Sweet New Ride. 
High School Custodian Offers Students Inspired Guidance. 
These Animal Friends Sure Have Each Other's Backs. 
Young Girl Meets Unicorn, And It's Just Beautifully Innocent. 
Free Dry Cleaning Offer Changes Lives. 
Clemson Football's House-Building Is Best Kind Of Teamwork. 
Rescue Dog With Special Needs Can Only Eat From Her High Chair, But She Loves The View. 
Today's Buddha Doodle - How To Change Your Future. 
Retired Bomb-Sniffing Dog Will Get Life-Saving Surgery. 
WATCH. 
This Pup Has Traveled The World, And Has Drool-Worthy Pics To Prove It. 
Bodysurfer's Daring Ocean Rescue Caught On His GoPro Camera. 
Practical Dreaming in the Hopeful Light of Earthrise. Perhaps it's time to try planting visions from the ground up and watering those that take root. Who knows? In restorying how we can live here, we might just prove that you can go home again. Especially if that home is your homeworld.
Baby Elephant Dances With A Ribbon, Reminds Us To Cut Loose In Life. 
This Loving Pit Bull Made A Man Out Of Her Buddy With This Kiss. 
The 1 Minute Blog. Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt have been moonlighting for years, filling their off hours with goodwill. They have traipsed the world over, donating time and money to the less fortunate. They have created a family of world citizens in the process.
Even Some Humanitarian Hounds Are Getting In On The Ice Bucket Challenge. 
Pit Bull Saves 8-Year-Old Boy From Swarm Of Bees. 
Girl Sets Up Lemonade Stand To Raise Funds For Vet With PTSD, Moves Him To Tears. 
Watch These 50 Celebrities Totally Kill It At The Ice Bucket Challenge. 
If Anyone Deserves To Be This Happy, It's Scratchy The Pit Bull. 
This Pup Who Retrieves Grocery Bags From Car Is Even Better Than Fresh Direct. 
Service for a Song. I realized, my former impatience at having to make this call had given way, early on, to an enjoyable and gratifying shared experience. An intimate, relaxing mini-concert between two strangers intent on providing each other with the service most needed in the given moment.
The Extraordinary Ordinary Life and Death of Elisabeth K\u00fcbler-Ross. Ten years ago this month, Elisabeth K\u00fcbler-Ross died. She was the world's foremost expert on death and grief, yet she was the most alive person I've ever met.  She was my mentor, my co-author of two books and my friend.
Abandoned Dog Found Drenched In Motor Oil Just Needs A Bit Of Love, Support To Clean Up Real Nice. 
This Bulldog Was Stolen, Abused And Neglected, But 8 Years Later, She's Found Her Way Back Home. 
Getting Along Better with Others. I can guarantee that if you think about whether to use \to\ or \with\ and put into practice actually saying what you mean, it will make a big difference in how you get along with other people.
The 1 Minute Blog. The Eritrean said growing up in a war made him feel like he was a 30-year-old man when he just was 16. \War matures you,\ he told me.
A Dog Day Afternoon. With the constant stream of horrible (although important) news stories out there right now, I would like to share a story about a small community of strangers coming together for a good cause.
When A Man's Wheelchair Got Stuck In A Storm, This Cop Did Something Great. 
Aircraft Mechanic Fixes Quadruple Amputee Veteran's Prosthetic Leg. 
The 1 Minute Blog. Emotions Consuming You?. 
Man Finds Home Videos Hidden In Goodwill Buy, Tracks Down Family To Return Memories. 
The 1 Minute Blog. Protesters and Looting.. 
Cats + Tattoos = 'Cattoo' Purrrrfection. 
Overcoming Failure and Disappointment. Abraham Lincoln did not let failure or defeat stand in his way.  He continued to try again.
Enriching Our Lives With Empathy. Empathy is the experience of understanding another person's condition from their perspective. You place yourself in their shoes and feel what they are feeling.
The 1 Minute Blog. Robin and Parkinsons.. Robin's death gives us a window into this heartache.
WATCH. 
Wee Goat Wears A Hawaiian Shirt To Lei On The Cuteness For His Adoption Pics. 
The 1 Minute Blog. Lauren Bacall, The Look,. 
Today's Buddha Doodle - Speak it!. 
Father With ALS And His Daughter Do Touching Ice Bucket Challenge And It's The Best Yet. 
No Human Is Immune To This Corgi's Please-Can-I-Have-A-Treat Face. 
Aspiring Entrepreneur, Driven To Put A Smile On His Mom's Face, Surprises Her With Dream Car. 
Why We Need to Show Up for the Hard Stuff. I laid there in the dark for a moment, almost upset that I'd read it. I didn't want to go. I didn't want to be there for this -- the end. I didn't want to see my dad like that. I didn't want to do any of this.
The One Minute Blog. Woody Allen's Magic.. 
The One Minute Blog - Tsunami's Gift. One girl miraculously found her way out of that statistic, but it took 10 years of her life, and some would argue, the grace of God.
The One Minute Blog. Dumbledore Inspires.. 
Cultivating An Attitude Of Gratitude. If I start the day with worry, fear or resentment attitudes, it builds on itself and generates a day of more of the same. Here are some other interesting ways I focus on enhancing gratitude and hope they are beneficial to you.
Girl, 11, Invents 'Chemo Backpack' To Help Kids With Cancer, After Battling The Disease Herself. 
'Nothing Is Impossible'. 
The One Minute Blog. Listening to Christopher's story made me realize how hard it must be to grieve as a child. One day love feels permanent, and the next, it's completely uprooted.
We See You! Watch This Super Cute Toddler Play Peekaboo By Herself. 
Kids Get Governor To Increase Penalties For Animal Abuse. This Is How Government Should Work. 
Taylor Swift's Song And Dance With 6-Year-Old Boy With Cancer Will Totally Brighten Your Day. 
The Grateful Artist. Nancy suffered greatly from this abusive woman who preferred drink to her offspring. When Nancy was just three years old, her mother would shove her in the corner with crayons and paper.
The Widower. The longing Barry feels for his late wife, Sue, is palpable. But mid-conversation I notice a shift. He refuses to complain about his loss. Instead, he chooses to be grateful, and gratitude works its magic.  It buoys his spirits and mysteriously mends his heart.
Second Chances. The first time I saw him, I had glanced outside my living room apartment window to check the weather before an evening class. Downstairs, I saw a woman walking a brown and white puppy. My heart skipped a beat. It was love at first sight.
Homeless Man With Amazing Voice Sings John Legend, Stuns All Of Us. 
Another Model Proves You Can Be A Sexy Centerfold While Revealing Colostomy Bags. 
WATCH. 
This Law School Grad Made A Serious Case For Pizza And Won!. 
This Woman's First Visit To The Ocean Reminds Us Of The Beauty All Around Us. 
Want to Live to 102? Here's How.. How did Gommy live her life? She simply built her existence around this one-sentence philosophy
Today's Buddha Doodle - How to Change the World. 
Strangers Find Fallen Marine's Tribute Flag At Flea Market, Return It To His Grieving Mom. 
The Pope Is Coming To The U.S. Late Night Goodwill In The Offing?. Chaput recently announced that Pope Francis will come to Philadelphia next year for the World Meeting of Families conference.
How American Independence Fosters Philanthropy. Does the U.S. have a stronger sense of independence than other countries? Could this sense of independence translate into acts of kindness and purpose?
After 10 Years, Sideways is Still Bewitching. 
WATCH. 
These Guys Showed Up At A Children's Hospital, Proved That Superheroes Really Do Exist. 
One Woman, Two Proposals, Dumbfounding Indecision. 
This Pit Bull Carried Her Injured Chihuahua 'Soul Mate' To Safety, Now They Need A Loving Home. 
WATCH. 
Appreciating What We Have. It is not difficult to be grateful for all the positive and pleasant experiences and blessings in our lives. This does not mean that experiences which are difficult and negative are without their own purpose and value for us to be equally grateful.
Tourist Left Paralyzed And Stranded In Hawaii, Finally Gets Flight Back Home. 
Did You Know Faith Is a Bird?. Before I heard the following quote I never realized there was such a thing as \winged hope.\
A Little Nonsense. 
Do You Fancy Secrets?. We love knowing the insider chatter of Wine Country, because it makes exploring it an authentic adventure.
Look Up - Today's Buddha Doodle. 
LOOK. 
Man's Love Letter To His Wife Of 61 Years Will Melt Your Heart. 
Self-Acceptance and Self-Respect. In order to fulfill our potential, develop healthy relationships, and gain respect of everyone around us, we have to consciously develop a strong sense of self-acceptance.
Man With Spastic Cerebral Palsy Who Wasn't Expected To Walk Is Now An Accomplished Athlete. 
Are You Fluent in the Language of Love?. Are you too caught up in the mechanics of life to say \I love you?\
Boundless - Today's Buddha Doodle. 
They Don't Make TV Neighbors Like THIS Anymore. 
Puppy Comforts Dog Having A Nightmare, Because That's What Friends Are For. 
Dad's 'Eye Of The Tiger' Video Will Inspire You. 
Travel Safely. If you have a fear of flying, don't. The data are very clear
3 Reasons to Get Out of Your Comfort Zone Immediately. To those stuck in the comfort zone, my challenge to you is to risk being a little more vulnerable; a little more courageous; and all in on your ideas, talent and dreams. See you in the arena, hope you enjoy the show.
Gratitude for Viktor Frankl. 
World's Coolest Cop Patrols By Cruising On His Skateboard, Inspires Kids In His Community. 
Interconnected - Today's Buddha Doodles. 
Got A Cape? You're A Hero. Dress For The Occasion.. 
The Mystery of Tisha's Apple Pie. 
Love Story Of 2 Patients Who Fell In Love At The Hospital Might Make You Believe In Fate. 
Refuge in America. I remember his brown leather woven shoes -- throwbacks from the '40s -- that he wore in the summer. He collected watches, timepieces, stamps, and rare coins. He renovated Packards. My grandfather loved America. And America loved him.
Dunbar's Number. Millions of years ago, our brains became wired to remember about 150 people as \close friends\. This is probably because early hominid tribes gathered in communities of that size. Today, this explains why an infantry company organizes around that size, and why smaller companies do better per-person than larger ones.
Newtown Victim's Animal Sanctuary Dream Becomes A Reality. 
Meet Ivan Pejovic, A Brand New Citizen. 
Viral Video Of Kids Greeting Classmate 'May Change The Way We Think About Each Other'. 
Health Company CEO Personally Drives Across Border To Save A Patient's Life. 
Hundreds Of Mysterious 'Love' Signs Pop Up To Stem Crime In New Orleans. 
Let These 25 Pups Show You How To Be Ridiculously Patriotic. If you really want to show some pride this year, take notes from these patriotic pups.
Boy's Charity Lemonade Stand Has Raised Enough To Buy 330 Wheelchairs For People In Need. 
Sheriff Uses Sledgehammer To Save 2 Kids Trapped In Hot Car. 
The Sunday Series (JennStrong), with Mark Brodinsky. The mission
Softball Camp Hits Home Run, Pairs Amputee Military Members With Kids Who've Lost Limbs. 
This Coffee Shop Has No Employees Because It Runs Entirely On The Honor System. 
Gratitude For My Friend's Pragmatic Heart. 
77-Year-Old Veteran Shows A Bunch Of Young Guns How It's Done In Pushup Competition. 
Who Invented the Universe?. I'm grateful for this conversation because it seems as though science and spirituality have been long-time opponents in the ring. To have a scientist's take on the mystery of the universe is refreshing.
Community Donates $70,000 To Give This Veteran A Beautiful Surprise Home Makeover. 
Gratitude for \Home\. 
The Proper Etiquette For Eating Corn On The Cob, As Shown By A Dog. 
This 'Loving' Dog Found With A Jug Stuck On Her Head Is Waiting For A Family To Call Her Own. 
This Dancing Crossing Guard Is Making Sandy Hook A Brighter Place. 
Mama Duck Teaches Her Ducklings Life Lessons With Some Tough Love. 
Tiny Kitten Mounts Attack Against Unimpressed Doberman. 
WATCH. 
These Strangers Rushing To Help One Another Remind Us We're Not Alone. 
Do You Have a Green Thumb With People?. I once read that we should all tend to the people in our world as though they are plants in a garden. We should nurture every one of them because you never know who might end up being your best friend or even your soulmate.
The Abundance Mindset. 
Inspiring 111-Year-Old Woman Gets Honorary Diploma, Reminds Us To Never Lose Our Passion For Life. 
10-Year-Old Girl Saves The Day And Her Father's Life With Frantic Facebook Plea. 
This Ad Combines The Internet's 2 Favorite Addictions. 
Hospital Execs Increase Minimum Wage By Scrapping Their Own Bonuses. 
Kittens! So Many Foster Kittens!. 
An Ode To The Dopey And Lovable Labrador Retriever. 
Firefighter Who Took In Friend's 6 Kids After He Died On 9/11 Gets Best Father's Day Gift Ever. 
Lessons I Learned as an Author of 10 Books, Part Two. 
Splish Splash!. I would toss my kids up on the larger than life horse with their little chubby legs sticking straight out across its wide back. Huey, who had his own celebrity status among kids, enjoyed peppermints, water from the hose, and an occasional swig of Coca-Cola.
Miniature Horse And Dog Love Each Other THIS Much. 
Gratitude for the City of Light. 
Gratitude for D-Day's Fallen. 
Little Benjamin, A Baby Lovebird, Took Overcoming Obstacles To New Heights. 
Managing the Potholes of Life. 
WATCH. 
Woman Receives WWI Love Letters 95 Years After They Were Written To Her Grandmother. 
Biddy, The Exploring Hedgehog Can't Stop, Won't Stop Traveling To Awe-Inspiring Places. 
These People Got To Spend A Day With Some Animals, And It Was Pure Bliss. 
Gratitude for Everyday Heroics. 
Do You Know a Huggable Hero?. This year, just as summer begins for most of our school children, I learned of another wonderful opportunity for children and young adults to display their leadership qualities -- Huggable Heroes.
Man Who Awoke From Coma Just In Time Shares His Story, Urges Us To 'Find The Miracle Within'. 
Amma and Her 32 Million Hugs. 
18 Things That Remind Us All The Best Stuff In Life Is Free. 
These Astronauts Hugged It Out In Response To Reporter's Question About Political Tension. 
Learn to Value Time. God has given each of us the same amount of time. In this regard, all of us are equal. We each have been given twenty-four hours. If we use eight hours to work on someone else's job, and eight hours to sleep, we still have eight more hours.
How to Be More Creative Tomorrow. So often what stops us from altering our behavior is the belief that transformation can only be achieved through drastic action. Yet studies conclude that it doesn't take a lot of walking to reap a lot of benefit -- a small move delivers a big change.
Blind Football Player Makes Top College Team, Proves 'There's Nothing You Can't Accomplish'. 
Step Out of the Rankle. 
Exasperated? Count to 10... a New Way.. 
It Takes a Long Time to Be an Overnight Success. 
Challenged Athletes. In fact, when we're talking about people who swim a half-mile, ride 12.4 miles and run 3.1 miles all before breakfast, there's really nothing 'disabled' about them at all.
12 Kids Who Just Had The Happiest Moment Of Their Lives. Prepare for pure, unadulterated joy.
A Higher Purpose. The day before, I'd lost twenty dollars and it really bothered me. But on this new day, it was no longer important. In fact, I didn't feel right keeping it.
Mark Cuban Paid For This Couple's Wedding After Cancer Wiped Out Their Life Savings. 
Do You Have a Life-Threatening Case of Hope?. 
Just a Thought. 
Gratitude for Those Combating 'Firenados'. 
Agents of Change. 
Photo Series Captures The Endearing Misery Of Dogs At Bath Time. 
To the Unlikely Role Model Who Changed My Life. What Mr. Ray presented to me was something mightier than any of my father's swings with the board or previous teachers' threats of suspension or detention. He made me think critically about the future for the first time, and he did it by showing me what I could become.
The Good Fortune of Peace. 
The Humanitarian Photographer. 
Gratitude for the Smartwatch. 
This Starbucks Barista Is The Van Gogh Of Coffee Cup Art. 
Moms, Human Or Not, Are Incredible! And These 6 Videos Prove It. 
Plane Fell 5000 Feet From the Sky. In that delirious conversation, I told my mom that my husband would do a good job of raising our four-year old, and she didn't miss a beat. She told me to 'snap out of it. Planes are built to take on wind shear. We'll be fine.'
Boy Battling Cancer Gets 2,000 Birthday Cards From Around The World, Can't Stop Smiling. 
9 Monumental Moments In My Life Each Year Since HuffPost Began. The Huffington Post turns 9 on Friday, May 9, 2014 and I turn 36 on Sunday, May 11, 2014 a.k.a Mother's Day, so 9x4! There is much to celebrate in both cases and I feel great with more wisdom and sense of self than I did a decade ago.
Three Pairs of Shoes. I once read that people in Third World countries believe that anyone who has three pairs of shoes is affluent. How many pairs of shoes do you have?
Iraq Vet And His Canine Colleague Were Reunited At Airport, And Their Joy Is Absolutely Contagious. 
Here's Why Spring Is The Best Season To Fall In Love. 
The 5 Keys to Living a Happy and Successful Life. A few days ago we found something when we were going through some paperwork, which I am going to share with you. It shouldn't come as a surprise to me that he wrote it -- I always knew he was brilliant.
Sydney The Pit Bull Princess Gets The Royal Treatment At Animal Shelter After Being Neglected. 
Everyone Has a Story. It's interesting if you are really paying attention what you will see, and more importantly, what you will come to understand.
A Little Umbrella Went A Long Way For This Boston Marathon Runner With Lupus. 
Heartbleeds, Handshakes, and Foolproof Happiness. I'm advocating a slice of Life 1.0. Life offline. You know
Brave. Paris was half of one of the couples in our circle of friends, and although we suffered the anguish of a failed marriage separately, we reconnected via Facebook in 2008 and watched each other blossom in our new lives.
These Kids Thought Their School Lacked A Place Of Discovery. So They're Building One. 
Purritos = Cats, Burritos, The Internet. All Our Favorite Things. 
Blind People Describe Beauty As 'Joy,' 'Truth,' And 'Feeling Alive' In This Profound Video. 
Earth Day Project Collecting 1 Million Different Sounds From Our Beautiful, Bustling Planet. 
