With Its Way Of Life At Risk, This Remote Oyster-Growing Region Called In Robots. The revolution is coming to rural New Brunswick.
Monsanto And Bayer Are Set To Merge. Here's Why You Should Care.. \u201cTogether they will influence markets all over the world on a scale we\u2019ve never seen before.\u201d
You're Going To Use That Self-Checkout Machine Whether You Like It Or Not. We may not realize it, but retailers are conditioning us to be our own cashiers.
Machines Don't Always Steal Our Jobs. Increasingly, They Rob Our Work Of Humanity.. Your next boss could be an algorithm
She Started A Suicide Prevention Site At Age 15. It's Still Going Strong.. \u201cPeople didn\u2019t view me seriously because I was a 15-year-old girl.\u201d
This CEO Took A Pay Cut To Give Employees $70,000 A Year. Now He\u2019s Battling Amazon.. Tech entrepreneur Dan Price is working to curb the dangers of \unbridled capitalism.\
Social Anxiety Doesn\u2019t Get The Attention It Deserves. Fifteen million people have it, yet it remains in the shadows.
The Battle To Save Our Dying Soil. This camp in southern Spain is finding ways to restore degraded land.
A New Farming Technique Using Drastically Less Water Is Catching On. But not everyone is on board.
6 Incredible Photos That Show The World We Need To Protect. A photographer visited some of the planet's most pristine places to capture images of the natural world.
Our Snack Addiction Is Killing Orangutans. Meet the woman trying to save them.
When Your iPhone Reinforces Sexism. Tech is created by humans, and it\u2019s vulnerable to our biases and stereotypes.
These Towns Are Trying Out A Basic-Income Scheme And It's Already Changing Lives. \We're not struggling.\
This Country\u2019s Election Shows The Complicated Role Twitter Plays In Democracy. A hashtag is mobilizing hundreds to vote in the Malaysian elections, but the bots are out in force too.
Unions Face The Fight Of Their Lives To Protect American Workers. Robots put jobs on the line and threaten a rise in income inequality, experts say.
Yes, These Cows Actually Milk Themselves. And it's getting millennials interested in farming.
The Tech Startup Helping Millennial Workers Take On Bad Bosses. \We\u2019re giving people the tools to represent themselves.\
This Guy's Running For President And Wants To Give You 'Free' Money. He believes a jobs crisis is looming -- and robots are to blame.
Pakistan's Gig Economy Helps Smash Obstacles To Women Working. In a country with one of the lowest rates of female participation in the labor market, the digital economy is enabling some women to become breadwinners
The Problem With Rebuilding Detroit. Ford's rumored purchase of vacant Michigan Central Station raises the potentially ugly tradeoff between private cash and public benefit.
The Dangerous Belief That Extreme Technology Will Fix Climate Change. It boils down to a failure to question capitalism, civilization, and the notion of progress.
This App Helps Donate Leftover Drugs To People Who Struggle To Afford Health Care. A Greek nonprofit hopes to find a better use for the billions of dollars worth of prescription medication wasted every year.
The Tiny Soccer Club Fighting For Survival Against A New York Investment Fund. Evicted from its stadium, Dulwich Hamlet, a 125-year-old soccer club with strong community ties, is standing firm.
Scientists Accidentally Create A Plastic-Eating Enzyme. The discovery may be a breakthrough in tackling the plastic pollution crisis.
8 Stats That Prove Social Anxiety Needs To Be Taken Seriously. The disorder is often misunderstood.
Homeless Girl Scouts Aim To Sell 6,000 Boxes Of Cookies In NYC. You can find them in Manhattan's Union Square through Friday.
There's Finally A Legitimate Alternative To Payday Lending. 'This is a social movement.'
Austin Is Stepping Up Its Fight Against Gentrification. But it may be too little, too late for the city with a history of inequality
Here's What Everyone Gets Wrong About Social Anxiety. This is not about being shy.
Japan May Have Worked Out The Secret Formula For A Happy Life. 'Ikigai' is the Japanese word for finding what fulfils you
For People With Social Anxiety, The Internet Is A Blessing And A Curse. It might seem like it\u2019s easier to interact with others online, but social media can provide new stressors and a deeper sense of isolation.
They Fled War At Home. Now They\u2019re Fighting Death In Crowded Refugee Camps.. \u201cA refugee camp is a hotbed for disease.\
These Portraits Shine A Light On The Homeless Faces You Pass Every Day. The illustrated profiles of men and women who've experienced homelessness in New York City in this series are gorgeous.
Trapped In An Internet Desert, Detroit Teens Struggle To Stay Online. Many without computers or reliable internet rely on free computer labs or public WiFi networks to do their homework.
Top Banks Pumped Billions More Into The Dirtiest Fossil Fuels Last Year. Even as they claimed they were committed to fighting climate change.
This German Teen Is Leading A Global Plan To Plant A Trillion Trees. Felix Finkbeiner, 19, has already planted 15 billion saplings.
Area Of Plastic In The Great Pacific Garbage Patch Is Three Times The Size Of France. And there's up to 16 times more trash than scientists had thought.
'It\u2019s About Taking Back What\u2019s Ours'. Fighting against colonization and now gentrification in the Bay Area.
Farmworkers Call Out Wendy\u2019s For Failure To Act On Sexual Abuse And Harassment. The fast food chain maintains that its own \rigorous\ internal auditing system protects workers from abuse.
Kenya Gambles On Dirty Energy With Its First Coal Plant. \If it goes on, we might lose it all.\
Chain Stores Are Taking Over U.S. Cities. It Doesn't Have To Be Like This.. This New Jersey neighborhood refuses to be overrun by Starbucks and CVS.
'Am I Next?'. Signs from Washington, D.C., to Washington state called for tighter gun control and background checks.
Finland Tops World Happiness Report 2018 As U.S. Ranking Falls. \Alarm bells should be ringing.\
Salvation Army Opens Its First Nonprofit Grocery Store To Combat Food Deserts. The Baltimore store is being touted as the first of its kind, with a mission that it hopes will spread.
5 Numbers To Have Handy When Men Ask Why There Is An International Women's Day. Because \u2014 let\u2019s face it \u2014 some inevitably will.
\u2018Our Bodies Can\u2019t Take That Kind Of Damage\u2019. If it goes ahead, the facility will operate around the clock, with 189 trucks making trips.
Where Zika Came From. Early cases of the virus were different from those today.
The Dirty Secret Of Bicycles. And why bamboo may be an answer.
This Swedish Indoor Urban Farm Wants To Revolutionize How We Live And Eat. But people can't live on microgreens and exotic salads alone.
Meet 4 Zero-Waste Pioneers Helping Shoppers Ditch Plastic. \This is a movement here to stay.\
Richard Wolff Says Capitalism Drives Inequality With 'Explosive' Consequences For Society. Things are great for those at the top -- but \not at all\ for everybody else, the economist says.
German Cities To Trial Ambitious Free Public Transport Plans. In a bid to cut air pollution and make cities more livable.
9 Foundations Partner To Tackle America\u2019s Housing Crisis, As Trump Tries To Gut Funding. \When people are struggling so much just to afford their homes, they\u2019re suffering in a multitude of ways.\
Ocean Plastic Pollution Isn\u2019t Just Immoral, It\u2019s Illegal. Campaigners\u200b can use the moral force of international law to drastically reduce pollution to oceans.
Teen Hero Used Body As A Shield During Florida School Shooting. Anthony Borges, 15, was shot several times protecting his classmates.
In The Rush Toward A Cashless Society, The Poorest Are At Risk Of Further Exclusion. \Unless you\u2019re poor, it\u2019s hard to understand what it\u2019s like to be poor.\
Eastern Kentucky's Struggle With Water Symbolizes America's Crumbling Infrastructure. But local communities are starting to take back control.
Why This California City Is Taking On Chevron, Exxon And Shell Over Climate Change. Richmond became the ninth U.S. community in the last year to sue fossil fuel giants over climate change.
How A Warlord\u2019s Legacy Has Thwarted Relief For A Mysterious Disease In Uganda. At least 3,000 children have a baffling seizure disorder. For many, it's a reminder of the years of brutal unrest.
Young, Rich and Fighting The System That Made Them Wealthy. These millennials want to change society.
Chile Establishes 10 Million Acres Of National Parks in 'Gigantic' Move For Conservation. While in the United States, Donald Trump announces plans to gut public land protections.
Amazon's Health Care Plans Are Driven By Its Bottom Line, Not Its People. As long as health care is subservient to corporate interests, any cost-cutting will be to the benefit of the rich, not the sick.
The Environmental Toll Of Our Smart Tech Obsession. A smiling, talking fridge might seem fun. But what happens when it has said all it has to say?
What Happens When One Of The World's Biggest Cities Doesn't Recycle. In Shanghai, an army of secret recyclers has been credited with keeping mountains of trash out of the city's landfills.
Luxury Developments, Gentrification, Airbnb. \u201cWe\u2019re being eaten up little by little. Chinatown is getting very small.\u201d
Air Pollution Exposed. It's a little-discussed type of pollution but could be affecting your health.
Workplace Automation Is Happening, And Women Will Be Hit The Hardest. Almost 60 percent of jobs at risk of being replaced by technology are held by women.
How Humans Are Laying Out The Welcome Mat For Mosquitoes And The Diseases They Carry. Climate change is partly to blame, but it\u2019s not the whole story.
The Billionaire Bonanza. Spoiler alert
The Clean Energy Transition Will Transform Our Economy Beyond Recognition. Are we ready?
Here's What Happened When A Nigerian State Appointed A \u2018Minister Of Happiness\u2019. \Ministries of happiness can work in societies where people don't have to worry about fuel shortages or erratic electricity supply.\
Norway's Arctic Oil Lawsuit Offers Hope For A New Era Of Climate Litigation. The insatiable Norwegian thirst for Arctic oil flies in the face of the Paris global climate agreement
A California City Measured Residents\u2019 Well-Being For 4 Years. What Lawmakers Discovered Surprised Them.. Santa Monica officials decided to look at more than just economic prosperity when gauging their citizens' success.
It\u2019s Lonely At The Top For People Of Color In Corporate America -- And CEOs Know It. Fixing that will take some bold new ideas.
The Biggest Cause Of Preventable Blindness Just Won't Go Away. Trachoma, easily treatable, blinds thousands of the world's poorest every year.
Education is the kindling of a flame. \u201cEducation is the kindling of a flame, not the filling of a vessel.\u201d This quote from Plutarch is as true today as it was
This Image Shows The Tragedy Of Mass Consumption \u2013 But Change Is Possible. We must embrace our grief for the world we are losing before we can effectively protect it.
2018. The year 2017 was strange. Full of surprises. Maybe the most significant and least noticed one came at the very end. Let
3 Big Environmental Stories To Watch In 2018. Lawsuits focused on climate change and another Canada-U.S. pipeline will be in the news.
4 Heartwarming Stories of Triumph Over Adversity In 2017. It wasn\u2019t all unrelenting doom and gloom in 2017.
For Year End Charitable Giving \u2014 Some Favorites. Here are some of my favorite, frugal, effective non-profit citizen action organizations that you may wish to favor with your
These Are The Reasons You Might Quit Meat In 2018. And it's not just because Leonardo DiCaprio's on board.
For The Homeless, Getting Through The Holidays Is The Toughest Season. By Darryl Lorenzo Wellington You can\u2019t enter the Interfaith Community Shelter of Santa Fe, New Mexico with plans to spend
Chicago Residents Get To Decide How City Funds Are Spent. Participatory budgeting is  democracy in action. But is it inclusive?
As California Burns, Here's How To Make A Difference. Beyond the many moments of disbelief and anger I have felt watching essential climate protections be rolled back this year
6 Ideas For A Truly Radical Tax System Instead Of Trump's Tax Plan For The Wealthy. What else could be taxed? From pollution to robots.
Coal Power In A \u2018Death Spiral\u2019 In Europe, Where More Than Half Of Plants Lose Money. Maybe someone should tell Donald Trump.
How One Woman In Uganda Is Speaking Out Against Gender-Based Violence. By 23, Amanda Banura of Uganda has overcome more than many people do in a lifetime. At a young age, Amanda was raped by her
Urban Air Pollution Negates Health Benefits Of A Long Walk On City Streets. A new study focused on the impact of dirty air on those at least 60 years old.
Nonprofits Thrive On An Open Internet. Preserving Net Neutrality is essential to social impact.
Heartbreaking Video Of A Cow Eating Plastic Trash Sums Up Everything Wrong With Our Oceans. \It\u2019s not just the animals out in the oceans that are affected by this stuff.\
Why Self-Advocacy Is Essential For You \u2014 And Everyone Around You. By Annika Grassl The ability to advocate for yourself and others is increasingly important in today\u2019s social and political
Instagram Now Warns Users Against Wild Animal Selfies. Think that pic of you caressing a tiger is cool? Think again.
Tearjerker Holiday Ad Reminds Us Pets Aren\u2019t Just For Christmas. Not crying. Just allergies.
Down On His Luck California Man Sells Old Blanket For $1.5 million. A California man down on his luck got a change of fortune after a blanket he inherited from his grandmother sold for nearly
The Ultimate Fashion Fail. Is a world beyond \fast fashion\ possible?
Student's Twitter Fundraiser For St. Jude Has A $200,000 Price Tag. Danni Messina offered to pay for every like and retweet her tweet received. Then she went viral.
The Future Of America\u2019s Free Press Is In Our Hands. Turning #GivingTuesday into #GivingNewsDay -- a new national campaign will match donations to nonprofit journalism.
How To Make Sure Your Donation Goes The Furthest On 'Giving Tuesday'. Almost all of those online donation platforms charge administrative fees.
How To Help People You Read About In The News Every Day On 'Giving Tuesday'. Here are some groups assisting with five worthy causes from Puerto Rico to Syria and beyond.
Robots Are Coming For Our Jobs. Here Are 5 Ways To Prepare.. Get ready for an automated world.
These 3 Numbers May Make You Think Twice About Black Friday Shopping. Reasons to back away from the annual shopping bonanza.
Be Thankful For Your Voice, And Raise It.. It has never been more important to take action in defense of American democracy.
Woman Raises Over $300,000 For Homeless Man Who Gave Her His Last $20. \u201cTruly believe that all Johnny needs is one little break.\
Where To Donate To Help Sexual Assault Survivors This Holiday Weekend. Consider setting aside some of your shopping budget for a cause.
We All Need A Break From Consumption. That's Why Our Stores Will be Closed On Black Friday.. At REI we're asking customers to #OptOutside instead
What Thanksgiving Is Like For This Summer's Hurricane Victims. Many of those still displaced by Harvey, Irma and Maria will celebrate the holiday together.
Chef Jos\u00e9 Andr\u00e9s Prepares 40,000 Thanksgiving Meals In Puerto Rico. The celebrity chef and his team have served more than 2.3 million meals since Hurricane Maria struck.
Why Volunteering Over The Holidays Isn't The Best Idea. Nonprofits really need help when volunteer numbers dry up after New Year's.
Forced From Home. It is very difficult these days to not engage in political discussion. Outrage from both the left and right dominate the
3 Tips To Ensure A Peaceful Thanksgiving. If your family is anything like mine, each holiday is always colored by some good, old-fashioned partisan rancor.
UK Restaurant Diners Are Helping Homeless People During The Holidays, 1 Meal At A Time. \u201cIt\u2019s such an easy process adding a pound to the end of every bill, it seems like a no-brainer.\
MCSR And NOMAS. Both parties are required to contribute if we are to take a positive step toward change in breaking down stereotypes and gender expectations.
'These Storms Are Just Crazy'. In the face of Trump's inaction, dozens sign Brewery Climate Declaration.
On Thanksgiving, You Can Save South Sudan. Fighting between the government and opposition forces has displaced millions and caused severe food shortages.
Here's How To Avoid Wasting Absurd Amounts Of Food On Thanksgiving. Americans discarded the equivalent of 6 million turkeys last year.
10 Tips To Surviving Holiday Grief. Christmas joy. Dancing sugar plums. Storefronts dressed in holiday style. Once upon a time, scenes such as these filled my
Why You Should Think Twice Before Opting for Free 2-Day Shipping. The hidden environmental cost of your online shopping.
'They Were Rooting For Us, And We Won.'  Overcoming Abuse And Homelessness. Today I have stable housing, two beautiful children, and my loving husband. It has been a long process to get to this point
Experiencing Goodness In The Midst Of Challenge. By Adam Meyer UCF Forum columnist As a resident of Orlando, I share the following thoughts on my recent Hurricane Irma experience
'They Never Talked To Me Like A Real Person'. Houston is tapping into faith communities to tackle soaring diabetes rates.
Does Chasing Your Dreams Scare You? Good.. This is crazy. I shouldn\u2019t be doing this. There\u2019s no way this is going to work. These were the thoughts flowing through my
Trump And Transforming Capitalism. \u201cTrump is America\u2019s wake-up call\u201d I heard a visitor to the United States say the other day. True. Trump\u2019s first year has
The Fight Against The Tiny Plastic Pellets Choking Our Oceans. Our addiction to plastic has serious consequences.
The GOP Tax Plan \u2013 This Is What Domination Economics Looks Like. Think more money at the top of the income scale means more at the bottom? It doesn't.
Not Forgotten. If you\u2019ve opened a newspaper recently, you have probably seen reports detailing the flight of hundreds of thousands of Rohingya
This Year, Honor Our Veterans By Giving Them The Legal Services They Need. By Keith Hoffmann, Coordinating Attorney of LegalHealth, New York Legal Assistance Group As we celebrate Veterans Day, Congress
I Called Him Charlie. I called him Charlie. Charlie was, and still is a stoic man who, despite the Surgeon General\u2019s warning, smokes Swisher Sweet
Catastrophe And Community. In our polarized nation in this difficult time, there is something reassuring about the sight of people helping.
Bleak New Data Show Just How Long Women Around The World Will Be Waiting For Equal Pay. Global gender equality declined this year for the first time since WEF began tracking it.
Looking Ahead To World AIDS Day 2017. Every year, the global community commemorates World AIDS Day on Dec. 1. It is a time to honor those who have lost their lives
Here's What I Learned When I Took A Refugee Family To Church. I could feel the stares. The 3-year-old I\u2019ll call Jesus crackled plastic and rustled in his chair. We were in the back of
WATCH. HuffPost traveled to Congo to document efforts to fight this deadly disease.
A Buenos Aires Nursing Home\u2019s Success With Voluntary Socialism. When we think of socialism in the United States, we envision the Soviet Union and Lenin\u2019s tomb, striking French labor unions
Partnering To Fight Pneumonia, The 'Forgotten Killer' Of Children. Co-authored by
High-Level Spotlight On Tuberculosis, The Top Infectious Killer. There is finally a new awakening to tackle this ancient plague.
A Hurricane Is Never An Excuse To Mock The Poor. By Darryl Lorenzo Wellington I remember. I remember because I will always love New Orleans. All the residents of the Gulf
WATCH. HuffPost traveled to Nigeria and Congo to document the fight against this preventable disease.
At LG Forum Hosted By H.A.P.A., Green And Espero Target Homelessness, Lifting People Out Of Poverty. There's something very wrong about \u201c$20 million condos being built while our streets are lined with the homeless.\u201d
The Surprising Story Of Republican Towns Going Green. The cost savings of alternative energy lure GOP mayors, but the climate reasons resonate, too.
5 Years After Superstorm Sandy, New York's Still Vulnerable To Widespread Power Outages. But the city has its sights set on a stronger, greener grid.
Why #Adoptee Activists Are Reclaiming National Adoption Awareness Month (NAAM 2017) #AdopteeRightsAwareness!. Adoptee issues and rights are often ignored.
Two Months After Hurricane Harvey, Local Dependability Is Still Key. I didn\u2019t so much feel \u201cHouston Strong,\u201d although that slogan would apply. I mostly felt the strength of churches.
Environmental Destruction, Inequality And Loneliness. Why Capitalism Is Broken.. Albert Einstein's scribbled note on happiness is wisdom worth remembering.
Ambassador Nikki Haley's Trip To Africa. Co-authored by Alexandra Lamarche, Advocate, Refugees International As the highest-level Trump Administration official to
Despite Death Threats, Former Planned Parenthood Leader Still Fights For Women. Some of the same people who protested her views asked her for help when their daughters needed abortions.
WATCH. HuffPost traveled to Nigeria to document efforts to fight this illness.
Kenya\u2019s Debilitating Drought -- 370,000 Children In Dire Need Of Help. We must neither allow the poorest in Kenya to bear the cost nor let this crises stifle Kenya\u2019s human development.
Big Business Is Moving Too Slowly On Climate Change, Tracking Group Finds. Most companies worldwide have yet to commit to goals \equal to the climate threat we face.\ But there are encouraging signs.
New York City Might Do Something Crazy To Ease Maddening Rush-Hour Traffic. Brace yourself
All 5 Living Former U.S. Presidents Gathered In Texas To Raise Money For Hurricane Victims. The former presidents came together to attend the \One America Appeal\ benefit concert. The fund has raised $31 million to date.
These 5 U.S. Towns Are Powered Entirely By Renewable Energy. \u201cFor too long, dirty fuels have jeopardized the health of our communities and put our children\u2019s future at risk.\
Nigerian Women With This Disfiguring Disease Face Pain And Isolation. \My husband is not happy about this whole thing.\
'Out Of Sight'. HuffPost traveled to Nigeria and Congo to film the devastating toll that three illnesses take on local people, and what\u2019s being done to help.
No Time For Despair. The news actually is biased, but not the way most may suspect.
To Eradicate Poverty, Eliminate Gender Inequity. by Seher Khawaja She lives with her mother and two young children in a one-bedroom apartment, working odd and demanding hours
Poverty Is Political. These 3 Things Will Help Us Eliminate It.. A prosperous society is one which enables everyone to live decently, not just the rich.
Stunning Photos Show Faces Of Poverty That Are Rarely Seen. \I am providing for my family. I feel like the boss, but it is hard.\
Reproductive Health And Rights In An Age Of Inequality. When I visited Uganda last year, I met a woman named Sarah*. As she relayed, from the moment she was born, Sarah\u2019s life was
On World Food Day, Take Action Against Hunger. World Food Day (Oct. 16) reminds us of America\u2019s most urgent foreign policy objective
Healing The Gaping Open Wound. Sick people, older people and the very young are especially vulnerable right now.
Florida Hotline Offers Immigrants A Lifeline. By Thomas Kennedy Since the election of Donald Trump to the presidency, the daily lives of undocumented immigrants in this
When The Air In Your Home Is More Polluted Than Outside. \u201cIf you say \u2018air pollution\u2019 to someone, they don\u2019t necessarily think about what is happening inside their homes.\
Chicago Is Fighting Climate Change No Matter What Trump Says. America should pay attention.
California Wildfire Evacuees Just Want To 'Go Home' -- If They Still Have One. Some families have returned to find nothing but ashes.
How This Native Educator Is Keeping A Tribal Language Alive. Only a handful of elders on the reservation speak it fluently today.
International Day Of The Girl Child. On the International Day of the Girl Child \u2013 and every day \u2013 the U.S. President\u2019s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR
Celebrate Adopt A Shelter Dog Month By Finding Your Fido. Although substantial progress has been made to increase animal adoption across the country, there are approximately 3.3 million
This Couple Lost Their Son To Suicide \u2013 Now They Help Other Veterans Struggling With PTSD. \Our sons went to war, but we\u2019re here to fight the battle.\u201d
Giving A Voice To The Voiceless In Des Moines. When I first started Urban Dreams, my goal was to give a voice to the voiceless. There were very few nonprofits at that time
Experimental Balloon Project Aims To Give Cell Reception To Puerto Rico. Fewer than a fourth of the island's cell towers are operational, making communications nearly impossible.
Five Years After Sandy, Lessons For Today\u2019s Hurricane Victims. Plan for a long haul.
Radical Self-Care. Seemingly everyday we wake to some new terrifying and dispiriting news from the Trump Administration.\u00a0 It\u2019s almost too much
Low-Income Pregnant Women Need Help In Indiana -- And This Group Offers It. Healthier Moms and Babies provides education on prenatal care and much more.
The U.S. Is Breaking Clean Energy Records Even As Trump Doubles Down On Fossil Fuels. The U.S. hit several historic firsts in renewable energy in 2016 and 2017, according to a major new report.
VA Loan Program May Be Letting Veterans Down. A shortage of home appraisers is gumming up the works.
'They Don't Care About Black People Dying In The Bush'. A disease detective calls out the world's apathy toward forgotten illnesses.
Charlottesville Is Returning To Normal -- And That Scares Me. If we want to feel change instead of just talking about it, we have to put aside petty partisanship and be open to finding common ground.
Las Vegas Officials Create GoFundMe Page For Shooting Victims. \We have over 500 in our hospitals being treated and we need to provide them with some sort of support.\
This Immigrant Teaches Sewing Skills To Empower Refugees. An Indian immigrant in Ohio is helping Bhutanese women to be economically independent through her new program.
Survivalist Loses House To Foreclosure, Donates All His Supplies To Puerto Rico. \Phyliss and I prepared all this for one group of people and it turns out it's going to help another group of people.\
Martin Luther King Jr. Was No Fan Of Protest-Demeaning Moderates. Fighting for change has always made people uncomfortable.
Malala Mesmerizes. I have often wondered whether it was possible for a Muslim, especially a woman wearing a veil, to be heard with public appreciation
After The Earthquake In Mexico, Everyone Was A Hero. Eduardo Feldman\u2019s photo project celebrates the work of the people who took to the streets to help.
This Lawyer Works Pro Bono To Help Undocumented Families. Many undocumented people have been living in fear under the Trump administration.
How Land Conservation Is Transforming Lives In Pittsburgh. I see every day how working in and for the natural world can change a young person.
'Our Compassion Is Being Challenged'. At ground zero of the U.S. opioid crisis in Charleston, Dr. Michael Brumage runs a harm-reduction program to bring dignity and clean needles to a daunting fight.
West Virginia Is More Diverse Than You Think. Even our coal mining history gets falsely homogenized.
Four Women, One Life-Changing Intervention. As a mother to a toddler son, I\u2019m often asked if my husband and I want to give him a sibling. What\u2019s implied in that question
How This Hospital Keeps Sick Turtles Safe During Hurricane Season. \u201cPart of living in paradise is keeping an eye on the storm.\u201d
Let's Talk About The Difference Between Intensity and Consistency. It\u2019s no secret that we\u2019ve reached the peak of instant gratification in society. The combination of our deeply polarized political
This Veteran Is Helping Others Fight PTSD -- With Horses. Twenty veterans die by suicide every day.
Why I Distribute Overdose Reversal Kits In Asheville. Our opioid crisis deserves as much attention as our tourism.
Helicopter Crew Plucks Mom And Kids From Boat Capsized By Hurricane Maria. The children's father did not  survive the devastating storm.
South Florida Immigrants And Communities Of Color Still Struggling To Recover Post-Irma. By Thomas Kennedy In the last couple of weeks, Floridians have struggled with Hurricane Irma and its aftermath. Foreseeing
A Charity Just Rented Out Donald Trump\u2019s Childhood Home For Refugees. Oxfam wants to \send a message to Trump but also world leaders that they need to do more to help refugees.\
Domestic Abuse Survivor Gives Young Victims The Support She Wishes She Had. One-third of children who are exposed to domestic abuse will become victims when they grow up.
Announcing The SDG National Reporting Initiative. Today the Center for Open Data Enterprise is pleased to announce the launch of the SDG National Reporting Initiative. Visit
The Everyday Heroes Of The Hurricanes. Solidarity is central to what it means to be a union.
Dolores Huerta On The 'Spiritual Power' Of Nonviolent Action. Nonviolent forms of activism are in the spotlight in the wake of neo-Nazi demonstrations around the country. Dolores Huerta
Landmark California Pet Store Ban Treats Animals As Pets, Not Products. Pets aren\u2019t appliances. They are living, breathing, loving animals who deserve as much loyalty and compassion as they give
VA Broken Promise Harms Veteran and Costs Jobs. Trusting the Department of Veterans Affairs and not seeking outside assistance can hurt veterans. Meet Joe Stahurski. Experts
12 Pieces Of Advice For Fellow Hurricane Survivors. A few things you should watch out for as you rebuild your communities.
The South's Rising Progressive Stars. They will most likely become national figures in the next few years.
Why This Artist Hangs His Paintings On Abandoned Buildings. His home city of St. Louis has a huge number of rundown, uninhabited buildings.
Letter From Irma. I did everything I could outside yesterday, thinking I would be making last-minute efforts in the rain today. I\u2019m really
After Irma, Tim Duncan Pens Emotional Plea. The former NBA star donated $250,000 to hurricane relief efforts and pledged to match contributions that total up to $1 million.
How A Houston Mosque Became A Harvey Disaster Relief Command Center. As we keep our eyes peeled on the latest track of Hurricane Irma and hope for the best, I want to take you back to what played
Dramatic Videos Show Hurricane Winds And Water Pummeling Florida. Irma made landfall just after 9 a.m. Sunday and is expected to move up the state's west coast.
If We Can Respond United In Disasters, We Can Do It Every Day. In the growing wake of #HurricaneIrma, #HurricaneHarvey, the floods across #Bangladesh, #India, and #Nepal, and Friday\u2019s
Don't Passively Online Shame Hurricane Irma Residents. Let\u2019s remember not everyone can jump up and just leave.
Here's How To Help The Victims Of Hurricane Irma. Money, blood and shelter are all needed.
Florida Shopper Gives Away New Generator To Help Stranger In Hour Of Irma Need. Ramon Santiago insisted Pam Brekke take the machine he'd just bought so she could secure her father\u2019s oxygen supply during the storm.
We Need Disaster Recovery For The People. Houston has barely begun to recover from Harvey, and Irma is already devastating the Caribbean.
Lessons From Harvey. As the rain fell and the flood waters rose, those safe from the devastation that racked coastal Texas watched in disbelief
My Hometown And Hurricane Harvey. I couldn\u2019t be prouder of my son and my city.
Let\u2019s Reduce Loss Of Life From Irma. Every effort must be made in the coming days to ensure that warnings reach the most marginalised and vulnerable.
Hurricane Harvey Hit Low-Income Communities Hardest. Poverty is a risk factor when it comes to extreme weather.
In Rural Kenya, Escaping A Deadly Disease Sometimes Takes A Little Luck. There are 400,000 new kala azar cases each year, but treatment is scarce.
Hail The Unsung Heroes Of Hurricane Harvey. I am frustrated by the lack of understanding that undermines the efforts of many dedicated staff and volunteers in the nonprofit
We Are Sikhs. Following the unthinkable events in Charlottesville, Virginia, many Americans are wondering what can be done to ease the
Coast Guardsmen Share Emotional Reunion With Kids They Saved During Harvey. Rescuing them was 'mission impossible.' Meeting them was mission adorable.
In The Face Of Tragedy, This Is What Sikhs Do. We are taught to do seva \u2015 selfless service to those in need of it \u2015 and to help out our community in times like these by coming together as one.
To Houston, With Love. No matter where I go in the world, Houston will always be home.
Wisconsin Sends 17,000 Pounds Of Cheese To Texas For Hurricane Harvey Victims. \u201cWe were initially hoping to send 200 pounds of cheese, but the donations kept pouring in,\ says a spokeswoman.
Flood Waters Don't Care Who You Voted For. They afflict everyone equitably.
After The Flood. As Brookings points out in an excellent post, the flooding in Texas is another cruel opportunity to learn lessons about how
This University Is Pledging Free Tuition To Students Displaced By Harvey. \Devastation on this level can severely impact or effectively end a student\u2019s pursuit of a college degree.\
Inside The 'Impossible' Mission To Rescue 33 Kids Desperate For Dialysis During Harvey. Without timely treatment, these pediatric patients faced risk of death. Houston doctors and the Coast Guard swooped in to help.
Pizza Hut Surprises Harvey Victims By Delivering Pizzas By Kayak. \u201cThey waded in the water, as far as they could, to get to all these people and they\u2019re just so happy to see them.\
A Day In The Life Of Houstonians Amidst The Devastation Of Hurricane Harvey. By Sarah Brock, originally posted on Facebook, reposted here with permission. We checked our phones to get any information
Nice Try, Hurricane Harvey. You haven't broken our spirits, you unleashed our superpower.
Texans Form Human Chain To Rescue Driver From Sinking Car. The heroic act is just one of many that have continued to outshine Hurricane Harvey's devastation.
Hurricane Harvey Is A Devastating Reminder Of The Need For Safe, Affordable Housing For All. An estimated 30,000 people in the Houston area are now displaced.
When Rescue Efforts Seemed Impossible, Texas Civilians Performed Miracles. Harvey's heroes brought boats and waded through water in concert with emergency crews.
Houston Businessman Turns His Furniture Stores Into Storm Shelters. The owner of Gallery Furniture says he's welcomed 400 Texans with hot food and a place to rest.
Breweries Donate 205,000 Cans Of Water To Harvey Victims. Anheuser-Busch and MillerCoors have both stepped up to provide drinking water to those hit hard by the storm.
Houston \u2013 You Are The Change Our World Needs To See. We need to follow Houston\u2019s lead and come together, not only to overcome the storm, but to overcome the oppressive divide we are seeing in our nation.
The Surprising Reason I Need To See You Dump Ice Water On Your Head. For me, the Ice Bucket Challenge is not just a way to raise money for ALS research. It\u2019s not just about hope. The effect
Removing The Barriers Of Institutional Racism. Co-authored by Adam Messenlehner Last week tragedy struck in Charlottesville when white supremacists and neo-Nazis took to
Here's How To Help The Victims Of Hurricane Harvey. Donations of food, money and blood are all sought.
The Lessons My Family Learned From The Past. Each day since Charlottesville has been worse, with Trump\u2019s presidency casting a dark shadow on my family\u2019s otherwise light, happy days.
German Supermarket Strips All Its Shelves Of Foreign Foods. But it was to make a very important point.
Marcellus Williams Is Living Proof That Social Media Activism Can Make A Difference. You may think your voice doesn't matter, that it doesn't count... but it does.
Breath Of Fresh Air To Equal Rights Movement. only two more states are needed to pass the Equal Rights Amendment.
The Magic Of America. By Manoj Chopra UCF Forum columnist As an immigrant born in Delhi, India, I must stress that the United States has provided
Fans Turn The Tables On John Cena With Emotional Surprise. Get Those Tissues Ready.. The WWE wrestler is usually the one doing the surprising. Not this time.
One World Trade Center's Spire Glows In Colors Of The Spanish Flag. The red and yellow lights atop the skyscraper honor the victims of the terrorist attacks in Spain.
Let's 'Clear the Shelters' on Saturday, August 19!. Thousands of animals have found their forever homes thanks to our Clear the Shelters event. From older dogs to kittens to
Leprosy And Human Rights. In August 2005, I was again given the opportunity to speak at the Sub-commission of the UNCHR. This time, too, I only had
To Not Address The American Virus Of Racism Would Be The Greatest Charlottesville Tragedy Of All. The greatest tragedy of all regarding Charlottesville will be if the masses fail to recognize that those who showed up to
To The White Nationalists, I Say. By consistently showing up in force to protest against hatred, the people of Charlottesville have ensured that the wannabe nazis cannot claim the mantle of the silent majority.
Peace Is Not An Overnight Miracle. Cross posted from UN Women. Saba Ismail started working on peacebuilding in Pakistan when she was 15 years old. The perceptions
Trump\u2019s Proposed After-School Cuts Could Lead To More Hungry Kids, Lower Test Scores. Story by Tovin Lapan; Video by Emrys Eller This story was produced by The Hechinger Report, a nonprofit, independent news
How Welfare's Work Requirements Can Deepen And Prolong Poverty. By Kristin Seefeldt, University of Michigan After \u201cRose\u201d lost her low-wage job in a southeast Michigan nursing home, the
Unbelted Rider In The Back Could Kill Someone In The Front. By Cheryl Jensen, FairWarning People who don\u2019t buckle up when they ride in the rear seat because they think it\u2019s safer back
How To Move From A 'Me' To A 'We' Culture. By Reverend Rachel Kessler One of the undeniable facts about having kids is that you are forced to get over a fear of asking
Breaking Breastfeeding Barriers. No country in the world is adequately supporting women to breastfeed in line with the global recommendations.
Giving From An Empty Cup / How Not To Die. \u201cOffer it\u00a0Up\u201d You must have an empty cup my sister You must have an empty cup You have given to everyone but yourself and
Here's How To Relentlessly Advocate For What You Believe In. There\u2019s no escaping the fact that communications and public relations work involves an element of rejection. In PR, the rejection
The World Is Complex -- That's Why We Need All Of Us. By Bruce Janz,\u00a0UCF Forum columnist Humanities is just about reading old books and writing new ones, isn\u2019t it? Not anymore
Women\u2019s Health Is Under Threat Everywhere. I am haunted by the face of an 11-year-old Kenyan girl.
Modern Slavery And Tourism. It\u2019s common in developing countries where people are desperate and vulnerable.
New Boy Muppet On Afghanistan's 'Sesame Street' Is A Feminist. Zeerak, a 4-year-old boy muppet, fights for gender equality and girls' education.
Can Tourism Alleviate Global Poverty?. Susanne Becken, Griffith University Wouldn\u2019t it be great if something as simple and pleasurable as international travel could
Investing In Women\u2019s Reproductive Health. Eight dollars can buy a latte for you and a colleague on your coffee break, or a salad at lunch; it can allow you to put
Miami Airport Workers Demand Fair Wages And Health Insurance. Summer is a busy time for airports all across this country, but in a major tourist destination like Miami, this is especially
Why Do Millions Of The World\u2019s Most Vulnerable Children Keep Getting Left Behind?. By Georgette Mulheir, CEO, Lumos, Janet Scardino, CEO, Comic Relief/Red Nose Day USA, and Kathleen Strottman, Executive Director
Pride In Mental Health. These experts all fight tirelessly against mental health obstacles.
This Trendy Cafe Trains Refugees To Become Cooks. Refugees often get stuck in low-paying, menial jobs. This restaurant  wants to change that.
Meet the Companies That Are Standing Up For Women\u2019s Health And Rights. Consider this
Warren Buffett Donates Over $3 Billion In Stock To Gates Foundation, 4 Other Charities. Following Monday\u2019s donation, Buffet remained the world\u2019s fourth-richest person.
Family Planning In War Zones. Getting a condom or the morning-after pill might be as simple as popping down the street to the local pharmacy. But for women
A Photo Campaign To End Period Shame. Shame thrives on silence.
Sometimes The Best Moments In Life Are The Quietest. In a fast-paced world driven by noise, excitement, and continuous connections thanks to technology, I think we\u2019ve lost an
Recovery Nonprofits Stem The Tide While Government Ignores Addiction Crisis. Portland Alano Club offers hope for recovery with innovative tool kit
What An Italian American Leader Did For Arab Americans And For Me. Fred Rotondaro, an Italian American leader, died on June 26. He was, by every measure, a remarkable man. On hearing of his
Israeli And Palestinian Teens Have Advice For Divided Americans. \Dialogue enables people to be just that -- people.\
The Urgency Of Re-Writing A Development Model Adapted To Its Time. The development sector isn\u2019t doing too well. In the United States, President Trump\u2019s proposed budget cuts to foreign aid
40 Strangers. 50 Questions. One Video. Magic.. Kumbaya is not really in our vocabulary at Brave New Films. We are believers, not conciliators, not dealmakers. There is
Why Reforming The Juvenile Justice System Is An LGBTQ Issue. Did you know that nearly 40% of girls in juvenile detention and correctional facilities identify as lesbian, gay, bisexual
Yes, Microlending Reduces Extreme Poverty. Overall, however, my study suggests that more microcredit would benefit poor countries. National governments and international
Local Actions Lead The Global Efforts To Address Climate Change. While cities have made great strides, there\u2019s more that we can do.
How To Help Refugees. You want to #resist? Helping refugees means helping refugees, you know, talk the talk not just walk the walk. And not just
10 Ways To Help Refugees Without Leaving Your Computer. Before I spent a month living in a Syrian refugee camp, the word refugee meant very little to me. It\u00a0existed solely in news
Motorcycle Heading Toward A Leprosy-free World. For over 40 years now, I have been working to eliminate leprosy. For the first twenty years, curing the disease was my main
To All The Kids Without A School. We keep forgetting that you exist.
What\u2019s In Your Bag? Inside A Dignity Kit For Refugee Women. What\u2019s in my bag? Today, it\u2019s my phone, keys, wallet, tissues, metro card, lipstick, a pen, sunglasses and a \u201cDaniel Tiger
Aid Workers Face An Underreported Sexual Violence Crisis. By Dyan Mazurana, Tufts University The world\u2019s approximately 450,000 humanitarian aid workers operate amid armed conflicts
Expert Conversation. Ga\u00ebll Mainguy, Centre de Recherches Interdisciplinaires (CRI) The Open Source Drug Discovery project, launched in 2008 by
It\u2019s Time We Try A New Recipe For Disaster Risk Reduction. Are we creating the perfect conditions for a dramatic disaster to happen?
How Arts Heal And Galvanize The Youth Of Timor Leste. According to its lead vocalist, Mely Fernandez, whom I met in Dili, the late 1990s were a new beginning for Timorese youth
Heal Thyself Doctor. Kicking An Unnerving Addiction In 3 Steps. Here's How.. I\u2019m a coach who helps clients recover from compulsive, addictive behavior in relationships, yet I\u2019m still working on my own
Science Says Relationships Fail When These Four Things Happen. A new relationship\u2014whether personal or professional\u2014is a lot like buying a new car. Driving it off the lot is pure bliss
Reflections On Dr. Samuel DuBois Cook. When Dr. Samuel DuBois Cook passed away May 29 our nation and world lost a very creative and distinguished political scientist
Protests In Colombia And South Africa Reveal Link Between Inequality And Popular Uprisings. Fabio Andres Diaz, International Institute of Social Studies Ongoing anti-government demonstrations in Brazil. The Women\u2019s
Fix Sought For Heat Deaths Of Children Left In Cars. By Paul Feldman, FairWarning Each year, roughly three dozen children die of heatstroke in unattended vehicles. Today three
A Revolution Of The Heart. The following is a guest post by Mar\u00eda del Pilar Desangles, an Assistant Director at the Center for Community Service & Justice
Defunding Planned Parenthood. I stood in line for Congresswoman Anna Eshoo\u2019s town hall meeting on Saturday, April 22, waiting to discuss with her about
Margaret Atwood Has Some Fixes For A Crisis That's Slowly 'Killing Us'. She offers a three-point plan for plastic waste.
While President Trump Withdraws From The Paris Climate Agreement, Teenagers Like Myself are Fighting the Climate Crisis Head-On. I am not alone. But in the end, whether or not my generation inherits a livable planet relies on our leaders to actually
My Life Experiences and Happiness. The Ball is Always in Our Court I must have been about two years old yet I vividly remember the two sisters who used to come
Humanism Isn\u2019t Just About Being Right, It\u2019s About Doing Right. This week, NPR\u2019s Scott Simon spoke with evolutionary biologist and atheist Richard Dawkins about religion, terrorism, and
Moving Forward For Children In California And Nationally. Alameda County in California straddles the San Francisco Bay area and stretches from Silicon Valley north to Oakland and
Study. Why is local income inequality rising? How can we quantify it?
Why This Girl Opened A New Toy -- And Found A Pregnancy Test Instead. Every two seconds, a girl gives birth, reports Save The Children.
A Great Way To Commemorate Future Memorial Days. It is time for the US to develop a mechanism to protect the Constitution, US lives, and those that would be sent to fight wars.
30,000 Roses To Remember. As you celebrate your day off, take a moment to reflect on the reason behind this summer kick off.
Why You Should Stop Feeding Your Baby From Trendy Little Food Pouches. They're an environmental nightmare.
Two Visions Of Immigrants, Refugees, And National Identity. This fight is not just about particular immigration policies, but about the very identity of our nation and its values.
Get Off The Bus This Memorial Day. I was rushing around town yesterday morning, a few days before Memorial Day. And when I say rushing, I mean really rushing
The White House Budget Would Increase Hunger Across America. We need to find opportunities to strengthen, not dismantle, programs that help low-income families.
Food Waste Is Money Down The Drain. The benefits of reducing food waste are numerous.
For A Brighter Future In The Middle East, Reform Education Before It Is Too Late!. In the recently published Arab Youth Survey (Arab Youth Survey) there was one alarming figure that caught my attention
Reaching Zero Human Rabies Deaths. So that leaves vaccinating dogs. Break the cycle of transmission in dogs, eliminate the rabies virus and everyone is protected
Summertime, When The Livin\u2019 Is Hard For Hungry Children. Summertime, and the livin\u2019 is easy Fish are jumpin\u2019 and the cotton is high Oh your daddy\u2019s rich and your ma is good-lookin
If You Want To Be Healthier, Eat Your Trash. A lot of the food we throw out is edible -- and loaded with nutrients.
Can We Prevent The Urbanization Boom From Becoming A Health Crisis?. If so, we need a multisector, multidisciplinary approach.
Protecting The Environment And Growing The Economy Go Hand-In-Hand. The best way to help out-of-work coal miners is to invest in making them part of the clean-energy future.
Global Gag Rule Expansion Will Harm Global Health Gains. The expanded Global Gag Rule impacts 15 times more funding than its previous iteration
Uniting Generations To Make Communities Stronger. In a recent Generations United/The Eisner Foundation nationwide survey conducted online by Harris Poll*, more than half of
Help America Stamp Out Hunger On May 13. Just leave a bag of non-perishable food at your mailbox. We'll take care of the rest.
Radical Storytelling Through Virtual Reality At The Define American Film Festival. \u201cMovies are the most powerful empathy machine in all the arts. When I go to a great movie I can live somebody else\u2019s life
Resist Trump With These Mother's Day Cards For Muslim And Immigrant Moms. And they're made by queer and transgender artists of color.
One Size Does Not Fit All. One of the most effective counter-terrorism training efforts not currently being corrected is the empowerment of Muslim women
What Should We Do About Hunger?. Nobody deserves to go hungry. In the US there is wide cultural and political agreement on this principle, even among those
The Choice Bus Uses Prisoner Perspectives To Discourage Students From Dropping Out. \u201cHe who opens a school door, closes a prison.\u201d
See The Staggering Number Of Plastic Bags Americans Use Each Year. Way too many of them end up in the ocean.
Senior Hunger Hits Historic Highs As Trump Threatens To Cut Services. Currently, one in 11 seniors faces hunger. Over the next decade, that figure is projected to double.
Veterans Are Fighting Anti-Immigrant Hate With New Twitter Campaign. \u201cI fought for this country so people can have freedom from persecution.\u201d
This May Day, Don't Forget Billions Of People Who Work Without Pay. Women do unpaid labor in households worldwide every single day.
Breaking The Cycle Of Generational Incarceration. It\u2019s been a little more than 30 years since I handed my first foster child, Nate, back to her mother. Nate (pronounced NAT
Achieving A Polio-Free World. When I first joined CDC as a disease detective in 1988, polio was far from extinct. Nearly 1,000 children were paralyzed
Renowned Chefs Share Tips They Want You To Master In New Documentary. No knife skills required.
Defending Earth Every Day With Women Around The World. We need to work together to continue to fight for women\u2019s rights to land, water, and livelihoods.
To The Domestic Violence Survivors I Work With. I respect your strength, determination and resilience. You are a survivor. Your children are survivors.
What Cutting AmeriCorps Would Mean For Public Lands. If Congress votes to eliminate AmeriCorps funding, our country\u2019s public lands and waters will suffer. Every year, AmeriCorps
The Modern Challenge Of An Ancient Disease. In the small village of Dana Toc in Myanmar, community organizers are engaged in the task of gathering all their neighbors
Imagining Justice In Baltimore. The following is a guest post by Jordan Sherman, an Assistant Teacher at Kennedy Krieger Institute, where she works with
Fighting Rabies With Awareness In The Philippines. Half of any battle is knowing when and how to take action. People who are bitten by a dog in a rabies endemic country need
A View From The \u201cOther Side\u201d. The Presidential Leadership Scholars Program on Why We Must Learn to Understand and Relate to Each Other Over the past 18
Why These Students Are Living With Immigrant Families For A Week. The idea is to break boundaries between U.S.-born and immigrant communities.
Crossing The Finish Line For Kids With Cardiomyopathy. My favorite moment from last year\u2019s Boston Marathon was watching a proud father and his 2-year-old son cross the finish line
Anti-Lent. Even though I was not raised Catholic, I always enjoyed the idea of giving something up for Lent. I remember viewing it as
What If You Couldn't Protect Your Children?. My mother can be so annoying. She calls me every other day to ask how my daughter is doing. When my daughter takes the subway
Coke Hopes No One Notices All The Plastic Bottles Floating In The Ocean. The company says it's committed to recycling, but a new Greenpeace report says that's not enough.
Powering Haiti\u2019s Future. Electricity reaches less than one-quarter of Haiti. This is an obstacle to economic and social development. Today, the biggest
Mercury Retrograde Has Begun!. Its official, Mercury has gone retrograde and with it comes the possibility of technical communication break downs, misunderstandings
Electricity Is The Gift That Can Keep On Giving In Africa. When a village is electrified, good things flow.
Twin Cities Woman's Mission To Start Mental Health Conversation Gains Momentum. ***TRIGGER WARNING
Trump Puts Thousands Of Women In Syria At Risk By Defunding U.N. Group. The president justified the move by saying the organization performs abortions and sterilization procedures. It doesn't.
It\u2019s Mildly Infectious And Treatable\u2014Yet Patients Still Face Discrimination. Incurable, a curse, unclean, hereditary, highly infectious, deadly, limited to undeveloped areas or tropical regions, an
After All, It's Only A Dog. A dog is not a family member. It is not capable of human emotion, and it is certainly not worth any tears. A dog is disposable
Combatting Fear And Ignorance In The Time Of Trump. Two days after President Trump\u2019s inauguration, I visited the Islamic Society of Baltimore* as part of a Jain-Muslim interfaith
Puking Statue Will Make You Feel Sick -- But You Need To Look. \ud83e\udd22 \ud83e\udd22 \ud83e\udd22
Father Damien Went To Hawaii To Care For Leprosy Patients And Became A Saint. In 1941, clinical trials with Promin, a sulfone drug, began with six volunteer leprosy patients at the Gillis W. Long Hansen\u2019s
Help Homeless Youth By Counting Them Right. The headlines from last week were dreadful for the homeless youth we serve at Covenant House, the largest charity in the
This Company Wants You To Buy Its Gross-Looking Water Bottles. It's for a good cause!
Recognizing Teachers And Preparing For Peace. Last night I had the pleasure to attend the ceremony at which Maggie MacDonnell was awarded the Global Teacher Prize, an
Neglect No More. Most Americans have never heard of them. But intestinal worms known as soil-transmitted helminths (STHs) were once endemic
This Muslim U.S. Marine Is Traveling The Country With An \u2018Ask Anything\u2019 Sign. He\u2019s hoping to counter negative stereotypes of Muslims.
Realism vs. Heroism. It is so hard to simultaneously admire someone and acknowledge their failings. Whether it be a racist grandmother or a beloved
Working With Millennials And Generation Zers To Change The Way We Think About Distracted Driving. Since my daughter Casey was killed by a distracted driver in 2009, I have worked to develop distracted driving presentations
Haunting Animations Reveal Pain Of Syrian Refugee Children. \She never came back to how she was before,\u201d says the sister of one little girl.
Push For Afghan Women's Rights Needs To Include Men, Experts Say. Bomb explosions are a daily occurrence in Nangarhar Province, a region of Afghanistan overrun by ISIS fighters. Simple routines
Why Moms Demand Action Will Participate In Day Without A Woman. Gun violence is a women\u2019s issue.
19 Small Acts To Resist Intolerance In Trump\u2019s America. Author Celeste Ng started the hashtag #smallacts to share ways to support people under threat.
Is Pope Francis Wrong About Giving To Beggars?. This week Pope Francis offered what to do when we pass beggars on the street
Is Climate Action Dead In The Age Of Trump? Ikea's Green Boss Says No. \Federal action could slow change, but change will come.\
The ACLU Is Taking Its Trump Fight From The Courtroom To The Streets. \We\u2019re invested in training a generation of activists.\
There's A Bold New Plan To Make Ocean Trash A Thing Of The Past. Ten countries have already signed on.
Empathy As Resistance In Trump\u2019s America. Recently, and of course very belatedly, I had the chance to watch the Netflix original documentary series Making a Murderer
They Escaped The Holocaust As Children. Now They Have A Message For Trump.. \u201cKeep the doors open,\u201d Kindertransport survivors warn.
Why We Can't Give In To Fear In The Age Of Trump. This is a time of great peril and great opportunity.
19 Tweets That Show Love Can Be A Radical Act. People are taking to social media to spread love in defiance of hate, bigotry and injustice.
5 Tips From Activists On How To Join The Resistance. Long-time organizers give their best advice to people new to activism.
INDIVIDUAL OR INDIVISIBLE?. I got out of my Trump dumps by joining angry citizens from all walks of life taking political action together.
Music Video About Vaginas Reminds Men They Don't Control Women's Bodies. No form of female genital mutilation is OK.
The Hourglass Of White Paralysis. Solidarity involves power-sharing, which also means accepting exposure.
Moving UNICEF Ad Shows How History Is Repeating Itself For Refugees. \I am alive. I am one of the lucky ones.\
K\u016bpuna Caregivers Assistance. Steve Mitchell likens his years of looking after his ailing wife and mother before they passed away to the experience of
Trump's Antics Are Triggering An Army Of First-Time Protesters. \I feel like it\u2019s my duty to go out there.\
Poignant TV Ad Suggests There's 'More That Brings Us Together Than We Think'. \It\u2019s easy to put people in boxes. There\u2019s us and there\u2019s them.\
9 Pro-Refugee Groups Standing Up To Trump's Ban. The ACLU isn't the only organization doing important work.
Down with Name Calling. 
It's Time To Take President Trump At His Word. He told us what he would do, and now he's doing it.
Skittles Highway Spill Reveals Awful Trend In The Food Industry. Excess candy doesn't go where you might expect.
Here's One Way To Keep Oceans From Having More Plastics Than Fish. Current recycling methods are falling short.
A New Year, A Time To Re-Commit. No matter how dispirited anyone may be about problems facing the world, there is an opportunity to make a meaningful contribution.
The Maddening Reason Food Waste Is On The Rise Among The Rich. It might not surprise you though.
Home for Christmas. 
More Than $50,000 Raised In 1 Day For Teen Tortured On Facebook Live. The campaign has far exceeded its $10,000 goal.
Don't Judge A Nonprofit By Its CEO Salary. Update
10 Lessons from 10 Years of Give Running. 
11 Pieces Of Wisdom From Desmond Tutu To Inspire Change Makers In 2017. Most people begin every new year with a sense of hope and and excitement. With recent events throughout the world, I think
If 2016 Were A Movie Character, Which Would It Be?. 
Restaurants Skim A Bit Of Food Off Your Plate \u2014 For A Good Cause. They're asking customers to pay full price for reduced-size dishes, then using the savings to help groups fighting hunger.
These NYC Siblings Will Get Rid Of Your Christmas Tree -- In The Best Way. They take the trees to be recycled, and they'll even donate your old stuff to a homeless shelter.
What To Do If You Want To Be Charitable, But Money Is Tight. Share, volunteer, and talk
Rape Culture Is Getting Worse. \It's time men hold themselves accountable\
What I've learned from Jay Smith, about Frosty the Snowman and more. 
Syria. It's now been three months, and we've helped their family find part-time work, translating website copy from English to Arabic, and we learned that they celebrate Christmas and sent them warmth and love in the form of gifts and homemade Christmas cards.
How To Volunteer Over The Holidays -- And Into The New Year. Here are some of the many ways you can help nonprofit groups in your community.
2016 Was The Year. 
This Hummus Has A Secret Ingredient Supermarkets Don't Want To Sell. It's almost too pretty to eat.
The Reason I Speak Out Against Police Violence. This isn\u2019t about demonizing an entire profession; it\u2019s about using my position in order to effectuate change.
Christmas At A Homeless Camp In The Woods. Any amount of time you have, can help those so in need.
I Met Santa Claus \u2013 And She's A Woman. She sees it as being a place where someone will listen to you and not judge you, where someone will help you as you get back
\u2018Tis The Season For Miracles. For many faiths and traditions, the winter holidays are rooted in stories about miracles that generate hope and something
Shelter Hopes One Dog\u2019s Tragic Story Will Inspire You To Save Lives. On December 15, surrounded by a handful of staff members at Austin Animal Center in Austin, Texas two-year-old shelter dog
5 Heroes Who Need Your Help Amid Aleppo Crisis. By now, you have heard the pleas for help. A nurse in the ruined city hoped the world would hear his city\u2019s \u201cfinal scream
Marching For Equality And Justice In January. On January 21, 2017, women will march in Washington, D.C. All across our great nation, in cities and towns, women and men
Why I'm a Bleeding Heart Social Justice Warrior. I feel like people may get tired of hearing me prattle on and on about the system of injustice that seems so prevalent in
Instead Of Prison, Learning To Sell With A Smile. Today in America, it\u2019s no secret that our nation\u2019s prisons and jails suffer from overcrowding, as well as a lack of job training
9 Christmas Tips Your Mom Would Be Proud Of. #6 - Save that wrapping paper!
How Disease Detectives Unearthed A Forgotten Drug To Fight A Lethal Illness. The disease, sleeping sickness, causes hallucinations, insanity and death if left untreated.
Retailers Aren\u2019t The Only Ones Working Overtime During The Holidays. Earlier this month, a Texas judge blocked a federal rule that would have granted overtime pay to employees earning less than
19 Stocking Stuffers For Eco-Conscious Shoppers. 16. Bracelets by Wanderer When you browse Wanderer\u2019s website, it\u2019s obvious that the most popular item (based on reviews) is
Rappers Get Real About Urban Farming, Swap Cheetos For Veggies. \u201cScreaming Hot Cheetos and Takis / Boy, you better eat your broccoli.\u201d
Tweet Hilariously Turns Asian Stereotype On Its Head. Touch\u00e9, touch\u00e9.
France Is Doing Something Amazing With Its Food. And it has nothing to do with great cheese.
Feel The Sticker Shock Of Someone Who Lives In Poverty. Enter your salary on this website to see what it's like for people in poverty to buy milk.
It Is A Big Deal, And It Happened to Me. The unusual topic of conversation seems to follow me.  At business meetings, dinner parties, and coffee dates, people keep talking to me about their childhood abuse.
Everyday I Will Move Forward But I Will Never Move On. This time leading up to December 14th, specifically the weeks after Thanksgiving, is always a bit harder than every other day. I have found over the past 3 years, 11 months and 17 days that when something horrible happens in your life it becomes wholly a part of you.
The Keystone Of The Global AIDS Response. By Helen Clark & Michel Sidib\u00e9 Clark and Sidib\u00e9 explain how the Joint UN Programme on HIV/AIDS delivers results through strategic
In Unstable Times, Millennials Have Our Backs. Like many of our friends, my husband and I began looking at possible countries for relocation as last month\u2019s presidential
This Group Helps Fight Devastating Diseases The World Ignores. The illnesses it combats affect the world's poorest people.
Exit Your Safe Space Immediately. One of the biggest problems I noticed during the election was the refusal of people on the left to take the views of Trump
Why And How To Get Involved On International Day Of Persons With Disabilities. Looking around your town or city, how many people would you estimate are disabled? We asked this question to ourselves and
Concrete Steps You Can Take To Support Your Muslim Neighbors Today. Taking some or all of these steps allows you to have a real-world, positive impact on these issues and for their advocates.
Mannequin Challenge Shows All The Offensive S**t Asians Put Up With This Year. Fox's Jesse Watters does Chinatown. Scarlett Johansson plays anime. So far, 2016 has been enough to make Asian-Americans cringe.
These 9 Graphic Mannequin Challenges Should Make Everyone Drive Safer. Warning
How Sixty Million Refugees Can Prove Who They Are. Edge himself is profoundly committed to the project. PTB ventures, a company he cofounded with David Fields, has invested in GovCoin, a blockchain app that the UK government is trialling for welfare claimants.
Creating a better future through great literature. When I was in college, I heard John Logan read \Poem, Slow to Come, on the Death of Cummings,\ an elegy that recounts Logan's grief over the death of his mentor, E. E. Cummings. In the poem, in verses of great musicality, Logan works through his sadness by remembering moments he shared with Cummings, by celebrating his mentor's profound influence as an artist and teacher.
30 Reasons to Give Thanks to Horses. 
Charity Exec Braves Mt. Kilimanjaro to Rally Support for Hell's Kitchen Social Services. By Nicole L. Cicogna Nearly three years ago, I made a very difficult life decision to walk away from a pending wedding.\u00a0 I
Dos and Don'ts For A Giving Season Tinged By Uncertainty. By Jane L. Wilton For many Americans, the holiday season is a good time to give to charity. After this year\u2019s especially
A Killer Disease Might Be Nearing The End Of Its Deadly Run. Sleeping sickness has plagued Africa for centuries. There's finally a chance to stamp it out.
How You Can Help Stamp Out A Deadly Disease. Neglected tropical diseases affect over a billion people. But you can play a part in stopping them.
Communication for Climate-Smart Farming. One of the ultimate injustices of climate change is that those who have contributed to it the least are those most vulnerable
Thousands Pledge To Stand By Neighbors Who Are Frightened Post-Election. New Yorkers signed up to accompany anyone being harassed on their commutes.
Why You Should Take The Clothes. One of the biggest struggles I have when I am talking to our brave sisters in loss about Madison's Closet\u00a0is convincing them
Somali-American Community Worries HBO Show Will Promote Misrepresentation. The show, titled \Mogadishu, Minnesota,\ has caused tension in Minneapolis.
Survivor Speaks Out Against Amish Rape Culture Ahead Of Sentencing. \From the day you're born, especially as a female, you\u2019re groomed to be a victim.\
Notes From A Refugee Camp. Voices of Refugees is a collaborative project that aims to share individual stories and perspectives from refugees and displaced
Celebrity PSA Warns South Asian-American Trump Voters Of \u2018Trickle-Down Racism\u2019. \If he wins a lot of people are going to feel emboldened to do whatever they want to. That\u2019s scary.\
One Genius Way To Buy New Clothes Without Overstuffing Your Closet. Buy something new, give back something old. Simple as that.
This Successful Management Consultant Quit Her Job And Made Rowing History. \u201cA large part of success is not quitting. It\u2019s that simple.\
Hong Kong Actor Wears 'Brown Face,' Highlights Prejudice Among Asians. This type of stereotyping might be due to a lack of a \u201cpan-Asian\u201d identity.
Kids With Illnesses Express Themselves In These Personalized Hospital Gowns. \u201cThey\u2019re so much more than their cancer.\
Walmart Canada Apologizes After It Was Caught Trashing \u2018Perfectly Good Food\u2019 (UPDATE). \There are mistakes being made.\
These New Emojis Will Make You See Food Differently. They\u2019re raising awareness about the massive problem of food waste.
This Group Wants To Help Middle-Class Workers As Robots Take Their Jobs. \u201cThe key message here is
9 Girl-Approved Costume Ideas For Halloween. We talk to many girls and young women who are fed up by the narrow choices of Halloween costumes for girls and women. As
Not One Woman Less. Authored by Vanessa Yemanja Chesnut, an undergraduate at New York University who is spending a year abroad in Buenos Aires
When Dominating Cultures Move In And Out. 
Human Rights Abuses Escalate at DAPL Prayer Services in North Dakota. 
This Halloween, Don\u2019t Be THAT Person With The Frighteningly Offensive Costume. Why your Pocahottie costume is perpetuating negative stereotypes.
How You Can Support The Groups Donald Trump Has Insulted. Stand with Latinos, women, refugees and others. #CantTrumpUs
Sexual Assault Survivors' Rights Act Of 2016. Called the Sexual Assault Survivors\u2019 Rights the bill is also being referred to as the victims Bill of Rights. In short, the
How Partnerships Can Turn Food Loss Into Gain. 1.2 billion people around the world suffer from food insecurity. That\u2019s one sixth of the world\u2019s population. This is a staggering
This Food Truck Serves Free Burritos To Homeless People In Los Angeles. Volunteers hand out up to 250 meals a night, five nights a week.
Sophie Gr\u00e9goire Trudeau Calls On Men To Do More To Help Empower Girls. \u201cGender equality is not an issue faced by just half of the population, but by all.\u201d
Emma Watson Calls For An End To Child Marriage In Africa. The British actress visited Malawi to address the issue ahead of International Day of the Girl.
Nearly All My Possessions Fit In A Suitcase, And I've Never Been Happier. I ditched almost everything I owned to travel the world -- and it wasn't that hard.
After NYT Reporter Told 'Go Back To China,' Asian-Americans Share Stories Of Racism. His experience isn't uncommon.
One Crucial Thing Can Help End Violence Against Girls. \u201cIt\u2019s easier to ignore a problem when there is little evidence of how deeply it affects people.\
When Procrastination Makes You Powerless. \u201dWhy put off until tomorrow what you can do today?\u201d I can think of at least a hundred reasons right now\u2015 all of which sound
Girls Spend 160 Million More Hours A Day Than Boys Doing Unpaid Work. Doing these chores often means giving up opportunities to learn, grow and just enjoy childhood.
Brothers Who Lost Parents In Tsunami Are Now Supporting Orphans In Need. Rob and Paul Forkan were vacationing in Sri Lanka with their family for Christmas when the Indian Ocean tsunami struck.
Extreme Poverty Hits Children The Hardest. Even though poverty is declining worldwide.
18 Lessons From The Middle.... I have two daughters, the oldest is 19 and starting her junior year in college, the younger is 17 and is just starting her
The One Thing Keeping You From Succeeding at Life. When to Jump, an independent media partner of The Huffington Post, is a curated community featuring the ideas and stories
Hungry For Change. If you happen to believe the saying, \u201cyou are what you eat,\u201d then some might find it refreshing to think of themselves as
Girl-focused Development Campaigns. 
Hillary Clinton Wants To Get 5 Million Young People To Volunteer. She also wants to expand AmeriCorps and the Peace Corps.
Homelessness In NYC Hits Record High With Nearly 60,000 People In Shelters. But government officials say the problem could have been much worse.
Egypt Increases Jail Terms For People Who Perform Female Genital Mutilation. The new law raises the maximum sentence from two years to seven.
1 In 5 U.S. Households With Kids Don't Have Enough To Eat. Rates are dropping, but they're still \far too high.\
Comic Book Features Rape, Acid Attack Survivors As Heroines. They face devastating health issues and society often treats survivors like \villains.\
Slum Dwellers Face Eviction As India Builds New Smart Cities. \u201cThey just want us to go far away.\
I Just Purged 80 Percent Of My Closet. Why Do I Feel So Guilty?. I don't miss a thing I tossed, but I do worry about where all that crap went.
Drug Companies Are Slowly Starting To Care More About Poor People. The industry often doesn't invest in medications and vaccines for people who can\u2019t afford to pay high prices.
When to Jump Founder Mike Lewis Tells His Jump Story. When to Jump, an independent media partner of The Huffington Post, is a curated community featuring the ideas and stories
Syrian Olympic Swimmer Shuts Down Anti-Refugee Rhetoric In 4 Words. Preach.
The One Thing You're Not Doing To Seriously Reduce Your Carbon Footprint. It makes a BIG difference.
Mark Zuckerberg, Priscilla Chan Pledge Billions To Fight All Disease. The plan includes creating a bioscience research center,  developing a chip to diagnose diseases and ways to monitor the bloodstream continuously.
This Angelina Jolie Criticism Might Be The Most Unfair Yet. Rude!
U.S. Steps Up Plan To Protect Girls From Female Genital Mutilation. In the U.S., 513,000 women and girls live at risk of FGM.
Boston Health Care for the Homeless Program Is Saving Lives!. 
America's Clergy. Our biggest, overlooked champion is stepping into the ring.
We Must Address Gun Suicides To Stop Gun Violence. There is not a day that passes without missing my daughter Angela. When Angela\u2019s depression did not overwhelm her, she was
Can Hillary Clinton Get In Touch With Her Donald Trump? And Can We With Ours?. 
Refugees. Only a concerted international approach guided by the principles of solidarity, human rights and respect can deliver a durable solution  Failure to rise to the challenge will only exacerbate the plethora of refugee crises the world faces today which in turn will further worsen global stability.
Hollywood Meets the Sustainable Development Goals. Why did UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon travel to Los Angeles last month to pitch the Sustainable Development Goals to a roomful of entertainment industry writers and producers?
How To Not Make Waves With Your H20 Waste. Fix those leaky pipes!
Former SF Mayor Wants To House Homeless People On Floating Shelter. This could be one solution for the city's large number of homeless.
U.S. Is Best Country For Social Entrepreneurs. But there are still too many people who don't know what social entrepreneurs do, which make raising funds difficult.
Malala. Nearly 80% of all refugee adolescents are out of school.
To Sit Or Stand? The Answer Isn't Black And White.. Advice on whether to sit or stand at work has been as hard to follow as the back-and-forth in a presidential debate.
Inner Peace Is Already There - Just Discover It #peaceday. There is a connected-ness in all humanity.
Syrian Refugee Crisis Is Changing Women's Traditional Roles In The Family. They're serving as heads of households and the main breadwinners.
5 Visionary Ideas Hatched in the Middle of the Jungle. 
The People Paradox. 
U.N. Needs More Female Peacekeepers To Protect Women In Conflict. Just 4% of peacekeepers in 16 missions globally were women.
Every Picture Tells A Story. For me, cancer is personal; given the statistics, it\u2019s likely to be personal for all of us.
These Are The Top 10 Most Generous U.S. Cities. Did yours make the cut?
How To Help Family Of Jacob Wetterling, Boy Whose Remains Were Found After 27 Years. His mother asked supporters to light a candle, giggle and hold hands, among other simple requests.
World Will Miss Goal For Universal Education By 50 Years. Aid for education needs to increase six-fold to bring quality universal education to all by 2030.
The Fight Against Human Trafficking. There are many words in our language.\u00a0\u00a0 Some are words that make you feel warm inside and bring tears of joy to your eyes
Epic Tale of Survival is Replete with Midair Collision, Super Typhoon and, Yes, Sharks. The annals of aviation are replete with near-miraculous stories of survival. There is, of course, Capt. Chesley Sullenberger
You'll Get A Discount At These Hotels If You Donate $10. Brb, booking a last-minute vacay.
Losing Virginity, Becoming Sex Worker Is 'Meal Ticket' For Poor Girls In Mozambique. Men pay less to have sex with \inexperienced\ girls.
Building A Movement Amidst A Broken System. The impact of HIV on the lives of black gay men, must not be seen as a failure to access and navigate healthcare institutions
Let\u2019s End Childhood Cancer. Together.. This year the parents of nearly 16,000 children in the United States will hear these devastating words
The Best Ways To Reduce Your Car's Lasting Effect On The Planet. Stop idling your engines.
These Companies Donate Products Every Time You Shop. They've Given A Lot Away. They help homeless people, underserved children and others.
90% Of The World's Poorest Children Will Be Isolated To One Region By 2030. Investing in family planning is one key element to reducing poverty, experts say.
Children Miss Out The Most On School In These 10 Countries. A crisis fund was launched in May to increase funding for children missing out on school due to war and natural disasters.
Facebook Group Raises Over $100,000 To Give Refugees Cell Phone Credit. Displaced people need food and shelter on their journeys \u2015 but they also need to stay connected.
How Death Gave Me The Gift Of Life. When to Jump, an independent media partner of The Huffington Post, is a curated community featuring the ideas and stories
Another Syrian Refugee Is About To Make History In Rio. \It's not just a game for me. It's my life.\
Brazil's Free School Meal Program Helps Local Farmers Stay In Business. The program guarantees them a local market and has helped to expand formal land rights.
Cause For Hope. As I reported Saturday, the managers of the world\u2019s most beloved ocean places are meeting in the Galapagos this week to chart
Tokyo Might Make Medals For 2020 Olympics Out Of Old Cell Phones. This is pure gold.
Excuse Me?  How Manners Are Becoming As Rare As Vinyl Record Players. Did you know that September 2 is \u2018Bring Your Manners To Work Day\u2019? Yep it\u2019s a thing \u2013 like \u2018national children\u2019s day\u2019 \u2013 which
Food Waste in America -- A Current Conundrum. Food waste is a simple issue to get behind.
Navigating Welfare Reform, Poverty is Tricky Business. 
The Future Is Bright. For the past 4 months across 5 countries, our team has held community meetings, worked the phones, had countless conversations, and traveled miles to find and support young environmental heroes. And the news is good!
Superfoods That Aren't That Great For The Earth's Health. But there's plenty you can do to help.
Proposed Seattle Homeless Shelter May Allow Residents To Use Heroin. Supporters say it could help prevent overdose deaths, HIV and hepatitis C transmissions and keep used needles off the streets.
How To Help Victims Of Italy's Earthquake. At least 267 people have died after a 6.2 magnitude quake struck central Italy.
Volunteers Make Up More Than Half Of First Responders After Italy Earthquake. \u201cWe dedicate all our free time to training, often to the detriment of our families.\
People Across The Country Are Handing Out Tampons To Homeless Women. Nonprofit Happy Period has doled out about 6,000 menstrual hygiene kits since it launched last year.
Singapore Food Vendor Gives Coupons To Elderly So They Can Redeem Meals. \I don\u2019t have many skills, so I use food to give back.\
Austin Ends Veteran Homelessness, Says It's 'Achievable' For All Cities. The city housed 682 veterans in two years.
Homeless Shelters Could Soon Become More Welcoming To Trans Residents. New proposed regulations would ensure transgender people can stay in shelters matching their gender identity.
Mark Zuckerberg Sells $95 Million Worth Of Facebook Shares For Charity. This marks the first cash infusion into the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative.
Ban Ki-Moon Says It's Time For A Woman To Fill His UN Role Already. It's about time, U.N.
Don't Let The 'Boy In Ambulance' Become 'Tragedy Porn'. These are the types of stories and images that are so horrifying, we almost mindlessly consume them.\nBut, then what?
Your Four-Legged Friends Are Leaving A Serious Carbon Pawprint On The Planet. But you can help!
This Group Is Bringing Tampons And Pads To Evacuees In Louisiana. This \hygiene bank\ collects feminine hygiene products the way a food bank collects food.
Celebrity Chefs Turn Leftovers At Olympics Into 5,000 Meals A Day For Poor. Italian-style couscous with saut\u00e9ed beef and panzanella? Yes, please.
Angola, DRC Launch Massive Vaccine Campaign To Curb Yellow Fever Outbreak. Health officials expect to vaccinate 14 million people over the next 10 days.
Here's All The Ways Giving Cash To Poor People Helps. It's really that simple.
How To Help Victims Of Louisiana Floods. \Anyone who survived Hurricane Katrina can understand the sense of loss our neighbors are experiencing right now.\
When One Of My Classmates Called Me \u2018Rain Man\u2019. I\u2019m autistic, and I\u2019m nothing like Rain Man.
From Ball Turret Gunner To Guerilla Fighter. Clem Dowler\u2019s Extraordinary Journey Fighting Alongside the Office of Strategic Services in Occupied France
Foster Care vs Adoption. The Queensland Government, last week announced that it would remove discrimination to allow same sex couples to adopt. This
'Robot Lawyer' Gives Free Legal Aid To Homeless People. The service helps users navigate complicated housing applications.
This City Has Given Over 900 Jobs To Homeless Panhandlers. \u201cAll I need is that one shot and I\u2019m not going to mess it up.\u201d
Nearly 60% Of Countries At Risk Of Using Slaves In Supply Chains. The issue has received increasing attention in recent years with exposes in sectors as diverse as fishing, mining and textiles.
The World Seems To Only Care About Refugees When They're Olympians. There are 65 million people displaced worldwide, and all of them are worthy of attention and support.
This N.J. County Has Housed All Of Its Homeless Veterans. If a veteran becomes homeless, he\u2019ll get temporary housing within 30 days and permanent housing within three months.
Athlete From Rio Slum Just Won Brazil\u2019s First Gold Medal In Rio. \u201cThis is more than just a medal, it\u2019s a victory for poor people. It\u2019s hope for all of them.\u201d
How Breastfeeding Could Help Fight Hunger, Poverty, Other Global Issues. How breastfeeding is linked to clean water and energy conservation -- and can help save lives.
Growing Population Needs Less Waste, Not More Food. Nearly 800 million people are hungry, yet about 40% of food goes uneaten.
Finding the Hidden Gems. 
Poor Nutrition Kills More Kids Than Aids, Malaria And TB Combined. The world will have to 'dramatically' change course to end malnutrition.
Big Pharma Says It Offers Cheap Vaccines For Refugees, But It\u2019s Not Completely True. Doctors Without Borders is petitioning Pfizer and GlaxoSmithKline to lower the prices on the shots.
Saving Energy Is As Simple As Making This Change When You Do Laundry. Every time it's laundry o'clock, use cold water.
The Innovative Way Kenya Is Helping Prevent Moms Dying During Childbirth. Health experts hope the program will improve the overall health of women and children.
Miami Police Give Out Bug Spray To Homeless To Protect Against Zika. This comes just days after the first cases of locally transmitted Zika in the U.S. were confirmed in the city.
Syrian Refugees Can Either Feed Their Kids Or Send Them To School. Government leaders are urging donors to deliver on pledges to provide schooling for refugees in Lebanon, Turkey and Jordan.
Food Rescue Group Donates Uneaten Airline Meals To Charity. Airlines often have to throw out meals if the flight is delayed.
Why This Father Feeds His Son Freakish Fruit And Vegetables. \u201cNature doesn\u2019t grow everything perfectly,\ he says.
This Simple Shower Kit Allows Refugees To Wash Up With Dignity. Every time a customer purchases one of these kits, one will be sent to a refugee in need.
Kenyan Activists Demand Protections For Women After Man Chops Off Wife's Hands. Domestic violence victims rarely seek justice due to social pressure and little faith in the judicial system.
Brazil Slashes Child Mortality Rates With Breastfeeding, Milk Banks. However, it's challenging to scale up the model in poor countries.
Number Of Homeless Single Adults In NYC Has Risen 95 Percent In A Decade. The number of homeless family members dropped by 5 percent over the last year, however.
Refugees Use Scraps To Build Houses That Remind Them Of Home. \Refugees are just looking to live their lives as normally as possible.\
Delaying Breastfeeding At Birth Increases Risk Of Newborn Death By 80%. Concern is mostly in underserved areas where babies are at a higher risk for life-threatening diseases.
What It Will Take To Start Relocating Refugees From World's Largest Camp. More than 300,000 people live there.
L.A. County Aims To House 100 Homeless Youth In 100 Days. Youth homelessness is on the rise in Los Angeles.
Be Your Most Sustainable Self And Bring Your Own Reusables. You can have more of an impact than you think.
77% Of Us Feel Bad About Wasting Food, But Aren't Sure What To Do. Awareness is just the first step.
13 Reasons To Feel Hopeful During A Rough Month. When the world seems full of darkness, acknowledging the points of light is even more important.
The Surprising Way Philly Treats Homeless People During The DNC. They call it the \City of Brotherly Love\ for a reason.
Free Text Service Busts HIV Myths For Mozambique's Youth. Many teens think you contract HIV by using an infected person\u2019s eating utensils and kissing with tongues.
New Networks to Fight Modern Slavery. 
'Where R U' Text Takes On Chilling Meaning When Dad Messages Refugee Son. Moving video recreates treacherous experience of a boy journeying from Syria to Europe.
Formerly Homeless Protest Sale Of Synthetic Pot In NYC. Dozens of formerly homeless men protested the sale of the dangerous and unpredictable drug.
Cleveland Calls On Homeless To Help Report Suspicious Activity During RNC. They're looking out for suspicious activity and tourists posing as homeless people.
Violence Against Homeless People Is On Decline In U.S.. The report, however, comes amid a recent spate of gruesome attacks against homeless people.
Warren Buffett Donates More Than $2.8 Billion To Charity. Buffett makes a large donation every year as part of a plan to give away nearly his entire fortune.
How To Help The Families Of The Slain Officers In Baton Rouge. The fundraisers will help support the surviving family members of the three deceased officers.
Can You Support Police And Black Lives Matter?. I am the grandchild of an officer killed in the line of duty. I have attended numerous events and memorials in my life where
Economic Roots of Violence. 
Nearly 1 In 10 Children Not Enrolled In School. The UN has pledged to pay special attention to girls who face the greatest disadvantage.
People Across France Flock To Donate Blood After Nice Attack. \It's the least we can do.\
How To Help Victims Of The Attack In Nice. At least 84 people were killed after a truck crashed into a crowd celebrating Bastille Day.
You Can Use Pok\u00e9mon Go To Raise Money For Charity. Put that obsession to good use.
Tanzania Bans Child Marriage, But Law Could Have Little Impact. But cultural traditions must also change to fully end the practice, activists say.
Sacramento Group Rescues 40,000 Tons Of Food Waste, Turns It Into Fuel. Organic waste makes up about 30 percent of what\u2019s dumped into landfills
Malala. The activist visited the Dadaab refugee camp in Kenya to speak out for girls' education rights.
UN Is 'Sounding Alarm' Because New HIV Infections Rising. The \power of prevention\ needs to be realized, UNAIDS has urged.
Mozambique Declared Polio Free. Polio could be eradicated worldwide by next year
Scholarship Fund For Alton Sterling\u2019s Children Raises Almost $700,000. \u201cIt\u2019s clear that our dollars \u2026 are sometimes the loudest way to make our voices heard.\u201d
U.S Makes Huge Pledge To Fight AIDS In South Africa. South Africa has the world\u2019s largest population of people living with HIV, at 6.8 million.
How To Talk To Your (Non-Black) Bamily About Black Lives Matter. After the last 48 hours, one thing is clear. We can\u2019t leave this up to black people. We\u2019ve got to do our part. And I\u2019m seeing
How To Find Peace In A World Full Of Pain. We can let what we've seen happen in this world especially this week make us feel angry, hateful, or resentful. Or, we can turn these tragedies into opportunities to create more peace and healing in this world.
This Project Is Committed To Reducing Food Waste In S\u00e3o Paulo. The \Invisible Food\ initiative plans to set up a truck that serves food cooked with ingredients that would have otherwise been discarded.
Britain Pledges $130 Million For Girls' Education In Bold Post-Brexit Move. The goal is to build bridges with \trading partners of the future.\
How To Support Slain Dallas Police Officers And Their Families. \u201cI think I speak for every single American when I say that we are horrified.\u201d
New U.S. Bill Empowers Small Farmers As Way To Fight Hunger. It's focusing on supporting women farmers who in some regions make up the majority of those who grow food.
Holocaust Survivors Leave $400 Million To Israeli University. \u201cTheir legacy is a triumph over the forces of evil that very nearly erased them from the face of the earth more than 70 years ago.\u201d
Madonna Promotes Girls' Education, Maternal Health In Kenya. She's the queen for a reason.
French Catering Company Employs Refugees To Cook Their Native Foods. \People need to realize that refugees are here, around us, and they\u2019re people just like us, trying to build a life.\u201d
Famous Italian Chef Takes Campaign Against Food Waste To Rio Olympics. Massimo Bottura is on a quest to address waste and hunger in cities across the world.
New Program Incentivizes Investors To Help Fund Education In India. They'll get a return on their investments if targets are achieved.
It Took Me Years To Read Eli Wiesel's \Night\. When I read \Night\, I read it as a Jew and as a person. I recommend it as both.
How To Give A Good Apology. \u201cI\u2019m sorry, okay?!\u201d does not work.
It's Up To Us Now. Unless you're 88 years old, most of us have not lived in a world without Elie Wiesel.
Food Waste. Many American\u2019s are hungry,  but the nation is not short on food.
Dinners for Change. 
America Is In A State Of Crisis Too. To the funders, stakeholders, and policy makers, I urge you to revert your attention back home. Focus on the number of lives we are losing each year to AIDS and other preventable reproductive health issues.
The Surprising Facts Of Independence Day. One seemingly mythic fact is surprisingly true
How To Help Victims Of The Istanbul Airport Attack. Here's what you can do.
Scientists' 'Breakthrough' Sweet Potato Will Reduce Hunger For Millions. They won the World Food Prize for breeding critical vitamins into the vegetable.
This Charity Is Handing Out Zika Prevention Kits To Homeless. \Every year I run into a family sleeping in a park, or in the woods. They\u2019ve all complained about bug bites, and now with Zika, the risk is even higher.\u201d
Michelle Obama Pledges $100 Million For Girls' Education In Morocco. \I am sitting here now as the U.S. first lady, talking to you, because of my education.\
Poor Children Are Twice As Likely To Die Before 5th Birthday Than Rich. Investing in education is key to improving the wellbeing of underserved children.
Economist Editorial Claims 'Minor Forms' Of Female Genital Mutilation OK. Activists are petitioning against the approach, calling it a \highly regressive step.\u201d
The Venice POW/MIA Mural, an Opportunity to Renew our Gratitude to Those Who Served. On May 27th, a person yet to be identified spray painted graffiti across a 100-feet wide swath of a wall in the city of Venice, CA.\u00a0 Graffiti like this is not an uncommon occurrence in Los Angeles, or any U.S. city.
Multifunctionality. 
African Agriculture Can Help Tackle Refugee Crisis. 
The #1 Thing Holding Entrepreneurs Back & the 3 Steps to Defeat It. Do you have an idea? Something that you keep thinking about and talk to your friends about on the weekends, but haven't done anything with? Most people do.
London\u2019s Mayor To EU Citizens. Sadiq Khan shared a powerful call for inclusion after the Brexit vote.
Circular Economies. 
What Can Brexit And Trump Teach Design?. Friday morning we all woke up to a world that had literally changed over night. Having arrived in Copenhagen from my home in Los Angeles the night before, and suffering from jet lag, I closely followed the election into the early morning.
Brexit Could Cause UK Charities To Lose Over $200 Million Every Year. Oxfam Great Britain got 39 million British Pounds from the EU in 2014.
After Brexit, Aid Groups Unite To Support Refugees, Children In Need. \We must not falter in our commitment to helping vulnerable children wherever they may be.\
New Airline Would Give Half Of Profits To Charity. That's fly.
LAPD Cops Ordered To Treat Homeless People With 'Compassion'. It's part of the force's increasing efforts to stop criminalizing homelessness.
This Credit Card Lets You Donate Your Cash Back Rewards To Charity. \u201cOne of the big credit card companies asks
Orlando Fund Giving $7 Million Directly To Victims After Public Outcry. The group was initially going to give the money to a number of nonprofits.
For Her 30th B-day, This Woman Raised $30K For 30 Women In Need. \u201cI\u2019m celebrating my 30th birthday today, not with my friends toasting over champagne or dancing until dawn, but with 30 women I\u2019ve just met in Ethiopia.\
More Americans Give To Charity Than Vote. The U.S. lags behind most other developed nations when it comes to voting.
California Close To Rolling Out $2 Billion Plan To House Homeless People. It will involve a 1 percent tax hike for millionaires.
This Dutch Landlord Will Cut Rent For Tenants Who Help Refugees. \u201cIf you give people the opportunity to connect with each other and work together, it\u2019s a lot more effective.\u201d
Girls Expelled For Getting Pregnant During Ebola Crisis Back In School. However, victims of sexual assault who are 'visibly' pregnant still not allowed in classroom.
Innovative bottom-up solutions to tackle urban poverty. 
Solar Phone Charging Stations Help Refugees Stay In Touch With Family. Smartphones are also critical for refugees trying to map their journeys.
Mark Zuckerberg Venture Training And Recruiting Software Developers In Africa. It's the first big investment for The Chan Zuckerberg Initiative.
Americans Gave Record $373.25 Billion To Charity Last Year. More Americans donate than vote.
Once-Homeless World War II Veteran Gets Hero\u2019s Send-Off Thanks To 200 Strangers. \As long as you\u2019re a veteran you have friends and family everywhere and you\u2019re never alone.\
Iraq Vet. Seth Moulton spoke out following the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history.
Anne Hathaway Named UN Goodwill Ambassador. The actress is going to focus on promoting affordable childcare services and shared parental leave.
App Allows Users To Help Save Migrants Crossing Mediterranean. Users can monitor sections of the sea route on their phone, and alert authorities if they spot trouble.
Cyclists Shouldn\u2019t Have To Risk Their Lives Just To Use The Road. A crash that killed five cyclists in Michigan has activists calling for streets that are safe for everyone.
Orlando Launches Fund For Victims Of Pulse Nightclub Shooting. It will address their short- and long-term needs.
Beyonce Just Raised Over $82,000 To Fight Flint Water Crisis. Hail the queen.
Anonymous Donor Bid $3,456,789 To Eat Lunch With Warren Buffett. The money will benefit Glide, a charity that supports people who are homeless, poor or struggling with substance abuse.
Disney Donates $1 Million, Free Lodging After Orlando Shooting. \u201cWe are heartbroken by this tragedy.\
Donors Giving To Orlando Victims\u2019 Fund At A Record Rate. This is who we are in the face of tragedy.
Look to Norway!. The food industry's effort to develop healthier products eventually affects what's in our refrigerators -- not only for those who find it easy to live healthy, but also for those who struggle in doing so. I am sure we will see results in the years ahead.
Women Feed the World. Women have inferior social status to men, occupying the lowest paid and most insecure positions requiring the least skill. Women are given less educational opportunities than men in the same society, reflected in lower literacy rates for adult female populations compared to male. But still they are feeding the world.
Ballet Class For Girls In Rio Slum Is Free With Good Report Cards. \u201cI try to show them that they can have much more than this, that they don\u2019t have to limit themselves.\
Want To Get Resources To Homeless People? Now There\u2019s An App for That. Tents, sleeping bags, gently used clothing, an alarm clock. Those are just some of the items that people experiencing homelessness
Miami-Dade County Bans Styrofoam From Parks, Beaches. A state bill, however, prevented lawmakers from passing more comprehensive legislation.
McDonald's. On the morning of their wedding, Omar and Betty shared a breakfast of egg McMuffins at a small McDonald\u2019s table, dressed
Here\u2019s 1 Way To Continue Muhammad Ali\u2019s Fight For Social Justice. \I believed in myself and I believe in the goodness of others.\
Finding Our Humanity in the Refugee Crisis. This critical issue is not one of race, nationality, religion or politics but of humanity. It is a call to step out of our comfort zones, to look past our first world problems and to use our first world privilege to serve our fellow brothers and sisters.
This Asian Girl Anthem Is For 'Brash Yellow Girls' Everywhere. Margaret Cho and Awkwafina brew up some truth in 'Green Tea.'
Urban Garden Aims To Bridge Gap Between 'Old' And 'New' Harlem. \Anyone who cares about this community wants to make sure the identity there remains strong.\u201d
Giving Homeless People Homes In SF Saved City 56% In Costs Over 4 Years. It's safe to say things started looking up.
Shoutout To Woke Companies. \u201cSolving society\u2019s most pressing problems isn\u2019t easy, but we believe it can be done.\u201d
LA To Turn Old Motels, Hospitals Into 500 Apartments For Homeless Vets. This comes after the city missed its deadline to end the issue.
Human Trafficking--How You Can Help. I was in a restaurant recently. It was a cafeteria style, where you basically go down a line with people serving you from behind a glass partition, and the customer explains what he or she wants. T
This Memorial Day Is a Call Upon Our Next President and Congress, Too. While not all of us will serve our country like our veteran community, all of us can participate in civilian service as a way to strengthen our communities and country while gaining a better understanding of and appreciation for our country's ideals.
The Madness of Judge Hanen. It is one thing for a group of anti-immigrant zealots to threaten teens and young adults to foist their agenda on the country.  It is wholly something else for a federal judge to do so.\nUnless he is stopped, the madness of Judge Hanen will lead to tragic results.
A Memorial Day Reminder of the Nature of War. There's nothing really that special about these letters to my dad - and that's their value. They are the typical sentiments of American dogfaces in Europe in World War II. Men who saw the destruction of Germany and the deaths of their friends. They had no illusions about war, and they didn't spout patriotic platitudes.
Happiness Level as an Alternative to Economic Growth. 
Tony Robbins and Bob Carr Join Forces to Change the World One Child at a Time. Bob Carr and Tony Robbins are both highly successful individuals, but this is not all they share in common
Winn-Dixie. The popularity of the Winn-Dixie chain of stores has remained for nearly a hundred years - a difficult feat to accomplish in the face of competition such as Wal-Mart.
How This Marathon-Running Veteran Who Lost Both Legs Found His Footing After Afghanistan. Matias Ferreira is proof that with the right kind of help, veterans can adjust back to civilian life.
Open Data Platform Lets Aid Groups Respond More Efficiently To Crises. The space used to be \very fragmented.\
Cartoonist Reimagines World Where Girls Haul Books, Not Water. That's the kind of world we want to live in.
This Tableware Company Donates A Meal For Every Item Sold. They've donated 7 million meals so far.
Former Drug Dealer Turns Life Around, Graduates From Ivy League. \You can't always make up for the things that you did. But you can attempt to make the world better.\
Here's What It Would Cost To Give Contraception To Every Girl 15-19 In Developing World. It would result in 2.4 million fewer unsafe abortions a year.
India Installs Touch-Screen Helplines To Help Curb Child Trafficking. A critical move as pay phones disappear in the second largest region for trafficking.
Angelina Jolie To Teach Course On Ending Violence Against Women In Conflict. The actress will be a visiting professor at the London School of Economics
Why The First-Ever World Humanitarian Summit Matters. 
Time to Put Women and Young People at Centre of Humanitarian Action. By protecting the right to sexual and reproductive health, we will better ensure accountability to affected populations, address the special needs of women and adolescent girls, and contribute to their empowerment and participation in decision-making.
Five Ways Digital Payments Are Coming to the Rescue in Emergencies. The ability to make and receive payments electronically has emerged, in recent years, as a technology hero during natural disasters and health pandemics. At a time when more people than ever are affected by conflict and crisis, there is good news.
Humanitarian Aid Hits Record High, Still Doesn't Meet Growing Need. More funding is needed to help people in crises, caused by conflicts and natural disasters.
How Climate Change Is Fueling Violence Against Women. As women have to walk further to fetch water, kidnappings and rapes increase.
Doctors Without Borders Ditches A Humanitarian Summit, No Longer Has 'Any Hope'. The group wants to see more of a focus on gaps in humanitarian aid.
L.A. Considers Taxing Millionaires To Help Homeless People. The money would help pay for housing and other services for homeless people.
Current Data Is 'Sexist,' So Bill And Melinda Gates Are Funding Research To Help Women. The Gates Foundation has committed $80 million to gathering robust and reliable data.
Corn Producing 50 Percent More Kernels Could Be Key To Ending Hunger. \u201cThere\u2019s great concern that we won\u2019t be able to feed everybody in the coming years.\u201d
Here's How This Dedicated Teacher Is Helping Solve Nigeria's Education Problem. \If you want to gain their hearts, you dance, you talk, you ask them questions.\
Men Need To Step Up To Combat Female Genital Mutilation, Activists Say. \If men said no to FGM, trust me, families wouldn't get their girls cut.\
Newspapers, TV, Radio In San Francisco Team Up To Spotlight Homeless Crisis. \u201cWe are all fed up.\u201d
Even The White House Is Over Asians Being Labeled As The 'Model Minority'. The idea all Asians do well in school is a dangerous stereotype.
Trafficking Hotline Aims To Rescue Thousands Of Kids Who Disappear In South Asia. There are no accurate figures, but many women and children are sold into child marriage or bonded labor.
Mayonnaise Brand Uses Bean Water We Dump Out To Cut Food Waste. Yum.
Brazilian Boy Who Dreams Of Becoming A Garbage Collector Gets The Surprise Of A Lifetime. For his birthday, local waste collectors gave Eduardo de Campos the chance to fulfill his goal.
AIDS Epidemic Could 'Rebound' If Prevention Programs Aren't Strengthened. Over the past 15 years though,  the number of people newly infected by HIV each year has dropped to 2 million from 3.1 million.
As a Mom, it's my job.... 
Homelessness In Los Angeles Jumped 11 Percent Last Year. On a positive note, veteran homelessness fell by 30 percent.
Companies Commit To Training Nearly 60,000 Military Families For Tech Jobs. Amazon will provide 10,000 people with training in cloud computing skills.
UN Calls Out Khloe Kardashian For Encouraging Animal Trafficking. Don't do this for the Insta, OK?
How Gretchen Rohr Is Using Meditation To Bring Healing After A Crime. \u201cHow do you advance justice without getting distracted by hatred? Meditation.\u201d
How Your Old Clothes Can Help Malala Send Girls To School. It\u2019s the time of year when the nation\u2019s college students are packing up their wardrobes for the summer\u2014and when the rest
How To Help Teachers Forced To Buy Supplies With Their Own Money. It's Teacher Appreciation Week, folks
This App Has Saved More Than 200 Girls From Trafficking, Child Marriage. \To address social problems, technology is not just nice to have, it is necessary.\
New Education Fund Targets A Quarter Of World's Children Living In Conflict Zones. The Education Cannot Wait fund hopes to reach 75 million children by 2030.
After 70 Years Of Searching, Families Of Brothers Separated During The Holocaust Reunite Online. \We cannot believe that we found each other.\
Girls Sold $800,000 In Origami To Bring Water To People Around The World. A Navajo family living on a New Mexico reservation benefited from the sales.
NYC Businesses Agree To Cut Waste In Half By June. It's the largest city in the Western Hemisphere to adopt such a far-reaching plan.
The Cultural Roots of Suicide in the U.S.. Girls and boys have been telling us for decades that American culture is to blame as to why we are seeing such high rates of suicide in the U.S.
The Age of Childing -- A New Pathway to Flourish as Individuals and As a Society. When I signed on to Facebook this morning, it informed me that today was the Day of the Child. If we are going to give genuine and heartfelt tributes to children, how do we best go about doing that?
New App Uses Push Notifications To Reach Nonprofit Donors Faster. Charities are getting a boost.
How Planting Trees Helped This Ex-Offender Turn His Life Around. The documentary \u201cCity of Trees\u201d follows an organization that connects park revitalization and green job training for residents shut out of the workforce.
Boy Sells Lemonade To Help His Family Raise Funds For His Own Legal Adoption. Nine-year-old Tristan Jacobson raised more than $7,000.
How States Can Help 5 Million Kids With A Parent Behind Bars. \u201cA kid shouldn\u2019t suffer the same sentence that their parents are suffering.\u201d
Ending Malaria By 2030 Is 'Achievable'. Across the globe, 3.2 billion people are at risk of malaria.
'Awoken' By N.Y. Cop Shooting, Asian-American Activists Chart Way Forward. The lines were stark outside the courthouse. A bustling street in downtown Brooklyn, N.Y., separated two groups. Each was
Love Transcends. 
From Growth-Centrism to Development-Centrism. 
Los Angeles Mayor Pledges $138 Million To Help The Biggest Homeless Population In The U.S.. But some question where the money will come from.
Therapy App Donates 500 Months Of Free Mental Health Services. \u201cMental health care is not a privilege for the rich. It is a right.\
Homeless Court Removes Housing, Job Barriers For People On The Streets. Instead of getting a fine they'll never be able to afford, they fulfill community service hours.
It Just Got Harder For LA Police To Confiscate Homeless People's Possessions. Cops often fail to distinguish between contaminated property and that which is essential for homeless people to survive.
Lesbian Duo Discuss The State of Women on YouTube. 
Meet the Social Entrepreneurs Defining the Future of Healthcare. 
Amazon's Donating A Building To Temporarily House Homeless In Seattle. The decision came after the company was criticized for contributing to the homeless crisis.
Charitable Donations Expected To Drop For First Time Since Recession. Because it's an election year, some people are redirecting funds to political campaigns.
Mumford & Sons Donates Proceeds From North Carolina Show To Local LGBT Group. The gesture was in response to the controversial House Bill 2, also known as the \Bathroom Bill.\
Trash Pickers Are Key Suppliers To California's Recycling Industry. A small army feeds the state\u2019s billion-dollar recycling industry.
Polio Could Be Eradicated Globally By End Of Decade. Pakistan and Afghanistan are the last two countries where polio currently remains endemic.
NYC Hatches 4-Step Plan To Tackle Growing Homelessness Issue. \We know the status quo has not been working...Today begins a new approach.\
How Many More Times Will VA Force This Vet To Prove He Lost His Legs?. Each year, Paul Franklin needs a doctor's note confirming his injury in order to get benefits.
Silicon Valley Billionaire Sean Parker Donates $250 Million To Cancer Immunotherapy Research. The Institute aims to ensure members can easily share research discoveries and tools.
Mozambique Devises National Plan To End Child Marriage. The institution affects nearly 1 in 2 girls in the African nation.
How Certain Cities Increase Life Expectancy For Poor Residents. The length of a poor person\u2019s life in the U.S. is heavily determined by their zip code.
Chicago Senator Wants To Waive $150 GED Fees For Homeless Students. \u201cThat\u2019s not too much to ask.\
Uber's Donating $1 Million To Veterans Groups. It's in honor of a pretty big milestone the company reached.
These Drones Drop Life-Saving Medical Supplies In Remote Areas. These drones are faster than any other mode of transport.
Every Homeless Resident Gets A Home And Shared Essentials In This Austin Community. Residents are expected to do the jobs that keep the community running smoothly.
Farmer Donates Harvest So People In Need Can Get Fresh Produce. He plans on donating 500,000 pounds of food in the first year.
Photos Of NYC Food Pantry Lines Resemble Depression-Era Scenes. \u201cI\u2019m hoping we won\u2019t be so willing to label people in need as other.\u201d
Here's How Many More Babies Would Survive If Breastfeeding Were More Widespread. The figures are pretty astounding.
Child Survivors Of Nepal Earthquake Are Being Sold As Slaves In UK. U.K. home secretary is urging police to take action.
How Kenya Is Getting Teen Moms Back In School. Since the project started in 2014, more than 300 girls have gone back to school.
Proposed Pot Tax Would Fund Housing For Homeless People In LA. It could bring in $16.7 million annually.
2 Guys Do Laundry For Homeless To Provide Them Dignity And Clean Socks. \Through washing and drying clothes, we\u2019re able to restore respect and dignity for people who are homeless.\
Zombie Video Takes Turn You'll Never See Coming. Scary stuff.
These Rats Can Detect Tuberculosis With Almost 100% Accuracy. A trained rat can screen 100 samples in 20 minutes.
Over 4,000 Families In Rio Have Been Evicted Ahead Of Olympics. These groups are working to protect the rights of children affected by major sporting events.
Syrian Kids Tell \u2018Unfairy Tales\u2019 Based On Their Lives \u2014 With No Happily Ever After. It drives home just how vulnerable the youngest victims are.
Warren Buffett's Son Pledges $90 Million To Support Girls And Women Of Color. \Girls and women of color are experts on their own lives -- our role is to listen to them.\
Los Angeles Homeless Plan. 
Companies Score When Volunteering is a Family Affair. Observed from April 10-16, National Volunteer Week recognizes those who are impacting their communities through service and encourages more people to get involved in volunteering.
Monks And At-Risk Teens Run School Together With 98% Graduation Rate. The school's motto
Cleft Surgeries Contribute Billions Of Dollars To Local Economies In Developing World. The patients go on to lead full lives and become productive members of society.
Somalia's Prime Minister Is 'Committed' To Ending Female Genital Mutilation. Ninety five percent of girls there undergo the procedure.
Prince Harry Pushes End To Child Marriage In Nepal. \It cannot just be women who speak up for girls.\
Free Tampons Likely Coming To All NYC Schools, Shelters and Jails. \u201cThese items are as essential as toilet paper, helping us prevent health risks and fulfill our daily activities uninterrupted.\u201d
Starbucks Will Donate Unsold Food To People In Need. \u201cNobody should go to bed hungry. It\u2019s not OK.\u201d
Investing In Clean Water Will Create Much-Needed Jobs. Half the world's workers are employed in industries heavily dependent on water.
The Cast Of \u2018Game Of Thrones\u2019 Team Up To Raise $1 Million For Refugees. Over the past five seasons of Game of Thrones, Cersei Lannister has become well known\u2014and feared\u2014for her ruthless, cruel
Climate Change Is Contaminating Water Sources With Fecal Matter. Here's how we can stop it.
How the Kid with A.D.D. Finally Paid Attention.... While Attention Deficit Disorder is a highly over-diagnosed disease, no one had heard of it when I was diagnosed back in 1989 but the Ritalin did really help me pay attention in situations where I lacked a maturity to pull it off on my own, especially school. However, I noticed that years later, I continued to take the drug when going out for fun.
Photos Show Refugee Girls Living Dreams As Astronauts, Architects, Lawyers. \I want our society to give space for women to be whoever they want to be. This is why I decided to become a lawyer.\
More Than 80 Million Children Missed School Due To War, Disaster. \Out-of-school children are at greater risk of being coerced or exploited by extremists, traffickers and criminals.\
Periods Cost A Lot, So NYC Schools Are Giving Low-Income Girls Free Tampons. \I know my mother is struggling to pay the bills, I don\u2019t feel comfortable asking her for pads also.\
This Teacher Just Won $1 Million For Being Awesome At Her Job. Palestinian teacher Hanan Al Hroub won the \Nobel Prize for Teaching\ on Sunday.
This Is What One Teacher Does When Her Students Can't Afford Pens And Paper. \u201cWe have no budget for anything.\u201d
When This Teacher Lost Her Classroom In A Tornado, DonorsChoose Came To The Rescue. The nonprofit stepped in to provide an oasis for the children.
Even When Times Are Tough, This Educator Makes Her Students Feel Like It's Christmas. This small-town educator is fiercely dedicated to her students.
95% Of Domestic Workers Are Women. In California, They're Demanding Better Pay. \This is part of the entrenched undervaluing of women's work.\
How poverty hurts our children most. 
Housing Programs Are So Strapped For Cash That Millions Of Families Can\u2019t Even Get On Wait Lists. Advocates say we need a lot more affordable housing, and soon.
What It's Like To Be The Butt Of The Joke. One Of The Kids At The Oscars Speaks Out.. In January, 8-year-old Estie Kung went to four countries in two weeks to promote \Man vs. Child
A Soup Kitchen Disguised As A Restaurant Is Making A Big Difference In Kansas City. The restaurant-style Kansas City Community Kitchen is a completely new way to feed those in need.
Lady Gaga's Oscars Performance Is Inspiring Survivors To Come Forward. Lady Gaga invited dozens of survivors of sexual abuse to stand in solidarity onstage with her at the Oscars on Sunday night
Practice What You Preach. We all can learn from each other if someone is willing to open that door enough for us to push our way through. Some of us may need more help than others, but that's what open hearts and minds are for. That's what creates real change, and it's why we need to \practice what we preach.\
Glamorous Mermaids Are Helping Raise Awareness About Protecting Our Oceans. The ocean has long fascinated us humans. As land creatures, we imagine that anything could be lurking in its mysterious depths
Rethinking the Administrative and Political Organization of Urban Outskirts. 
Facebook Launches Special Site Just For Nonprofits. It wants to help nonprofits raise more than just \likes.\
Syrian Refugees In Jordan Can Now Scan Their Eyes To Pay For Groceries. The technology aims to makes life easier and provide better security for refugees living in Jordan.
1 Million Kids In Africa Need Help Amid El Ni\u00f1o Drought. \Governments are responding with available resources, but this is an unprecedented situation.\
Remarkable Floating Farms Could Help Feed Hungry People Around The World. Food. It's easy to love. Breakfast, lunch, dinner. Brunch. Linner. I'll take them all.
Hillary Clinton Asks Supporters To Donate To Flint Fund. Whatever your political affiliation, this is one issue we can all get behind.
Homeless Shelter Pods Provide Night's Rest, Call For Better Solutions In Ireland. This street art has a purpose and a message.
Landmark Decision Opens First Needle Exchange in Conservative Orange County. Last Thursday, the California Department of Public Health approved the first ever needle exchange in Orange County. Orange County has long opposed needle exchanges, despite decades of evidence demonstrating that these programs save lives and prevent the spread of infectious disease.
This Valentine's Day, Goodwill Wants You To Donate Your Ex's Old Stuff. Remember to donate only gently-used items. No one wants your old drawers.
#MyTrueLove Campaign Shows Who Girls Are Really Crushing On. Hint
8 Times Radical Love Conquered Racism, Sexism And Other Forms Of Hate. Love FTW.
Kids May Soon Be Able To Build Their Own Prosthetics Out Of Legos. A customizable Lego prosthetic arm for children has been awarded the grand prize at Netexplo, a digital innovation summit in Paris.
Nuns Who Feed San Francisco's Homeless Face Eviction. The nuns' landlord reportedly raised their monthly rent by 58 percent.
3,000 NYC Volunteers And Mayor De Blasio Volunteer In Annual Homeless Count. \u201cBehind our rough exteriors as New Yorkers beat hearts of gold.\u201d
The Flint Crisis Will Last Decades, And These Groups Are In It For The Long Haul. \People understand this need, and they understand the danger to your children, and they just give.\
Cancer Society Wants More Millennials To Donate To Young Researchers. \We suspect that some millennials...may feel a much greater affinity for supporting researchers from their ranks.\
5 Super Bowl Ads That Asked Us To Care, Not Just Consume. These spots were about more than materialism.
Colgate\u2019s Water Saving Super Bowl Ad Dollars Could Provide 4.2 Million Gallons Of H20. The company poured the equivalent of 4.2 million gallons of water down the drain -- to tell you not to waste water.
Bay Area Nuns Fight Human Trafficking Before Super Bowl, All Year Long. \u201cPerhaps one of the most important results of this effort is the commitment to continue this work together after the Super Bowl.\u201d
San Francisco Relocated Homeless For Super Bowl. Here\u2019s What Cities Should Do Instead. Shutting down camps and handing out tickets is not the answer.
Michael Keaton Dedicated His SAG Award To Flint Residents. \u201cThere are a zillion Flint, Michigans out there. If there had been a \u2018spotlight\u2019 put on that, I argue they may have been a little ahead of the situation.\u201d
I Didn\u2019t Email Or Chat At Work For A Week. Instead, I Talked To People IRL. I had higher levels of concentration and productivity. I also most likely annoyed my coworkers.
NYC Homeless Call For Better, Permanent Low-Income Housing. \They need people like me at the round table. Otherwise, it's just people on the outside looking in.\
Meet The Visionary Chicago School Leader Who Just Won A MacArthur 'Genius' Grant. \You have to appreciate who you are in order to really have a deep appreciation for other cultures and other beings.\
From Cher To Girl Scouts To Churches, Here's Who's Helping Flint. Big names and local organizations are all pitching in.
Joe Biden Discusses Changing The Culture Of Violence Against Women. \There's still incredible impediments for women to be able to reach their potential.\
Here's How You Can Help Homeless New Yorkers After The Blizzard. Donate Money There are a number of organizations working every day for homeless New Yorkers who can benefit from your donation
Syrian-American Refugees Fight a Long-Distance War. \u201cEvery one of these people has been touched in one way or another.\
Muhammad Yunus on How to Change the World. \The best advice I have for parents is to give your child space. Treat her like a full person right from the beginning.\
Not Everyone Is Dreading Winter Storm Jonas. With humans preparing for the impending storm, many zoo residents are in for a treat.
GoFundMe Will Donate Extra $10,000 To Largest Fundraiser For Flint. \Raising as much money as possible for those affected by this terrible crisis.\
This Woman Wanted To Raise $100 For Flint. She Wound Up Raising Thousands.. \I never thought all these people would think about little old Flint.\
'A Day On, Not a Day Off'. 
Moby Donates 100% of Restaurant Profit to Animal Welfare Organizations. Vegan restaurants in Los Angeles are fairly easy to come by.  From swanky to casual, raw food to junk food, plant-based eaters can find a variety of options throughout the city.
Helping Boys of Color. DC school leaders point to the large achievement gap in its schools between boys of color and other students, including females of color.
Honoring Rev. Dr.  Luther King Jr. - Remembering the Prophetic in the Prophet. During a time of great concern and unrest in our communities, country, and world, celebrating Rev. King's birthday brings me joy and hope. The fact that his birthday is a nationally recognized holiday makes me both proud and optimistic.
Celebrity Chef Who Was Once Homeless Gives Back To The Community That Fed Him. Vikas Khanna calls it his \very humble\ thank you.
If You Care About Paid Parental Leave, Watch This. Parents shouldn't have to choose between their children and their finances.
Activists Put Stop To A Lion Hunt Raffle At U.S. Convention. \Victory for conservation\
New York Homeless Speak Out On Government Aid, Shelter Programs. \Homeless but not hopeless.\
WATCH. The company model applies to everything including clothing, furniture, cosmetics and hardwares.
An Army Of Data Just Joined The War On Poverty. Salvation Army's Human Needs Index tracks signs of poverty in America.
Walton Foundation Pledges $1 Billion For Charter Schools. LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (AP) \u2014 A foundation run by the heirs of Wal-Mart founder Sam Walton said Thursday it will spend $1 billion
Effort To Get NYC Homeless Out Of Cold Has Little Impact On First Night. City workers placed 97 people living on city streets in shelters and hospitals, which is pretty standard.
NY's Homeless Need Housing, Services And Shouldn't Be Forced Into Shelters. Many experts oppose Gov. Cuomo's order to usher homeless people into shelters.
NY Governor Andrew Cuomo Orders Homeless To Shelters As Temperatures Drop. The executive order takes effect on Tuesday.
Visits and Conversations in a Kabul Winter. Here in Kabul, last week, at the Afghan Peace Volunteer (APV) community home that hosts me, I watched Abdulhai and visiting activist Aaron Hughes work out ways to secure the greenhouse which they had partially assembled that morning.
11 No-Fail Ways to Succeed in the New Year. You realize you can't allow your self-proclaimed busy-ness to distract you. All are good practice but it's not as if you haven't tried them in the past. Is it possible you need a higher-level overhaul of the way you're approaching your goals? Let's try something different this year.
Taylor Swift Earns Top Spot In Charitable Celebrity Squad. The top do-gooder celebs!
Gambia Sets Prison Time, Fines In New Ban Against Female Genital Mutilation. A person who engages in female mutilation could face up to three years in prison or a fine of 50,000 dalasi ($1,250).
Refugees Who've Fled Share Hopes For New Year. \I want to have a job, I want to work...because now this is my country and this is my people.\
15 Times We Made Progress In 2015 On Issues That Matter Most. From improved Internet access to gay marriage rights, 2015 marked lots of steps in the right direction.
Hawaii Extends Homeless Proclamation To Complete Shelter Projects. It has the largest rate of homeless people per capita of any state in the nation.
Going Against the Flow. Jennifer Barker is the Chief Executive Officer and Co\u00adfounder of Per Diems Against Poverty, a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization that was founded in 2015 to reallocate donated per diems, or meal allowances, to provide food for Americans struggling with poverty and food insecurity.
38 Christmas Miracles. The Pollination Project makes micro grants every day of the year to social changemakers who have a plan and a project to help create a more kind, compassionate, peaceful and sustainable world.
Putting Prayers to Action. For the past month I have been volunteering weekly at the local homeless shelter in my hometown of Ashland, Oregon.\u00a0It wouldn't have been anything that my conscious personality would have chosen.
Finding the Wisdom, Courage, and Compassion to See That The Other Is Us. At a time when the headlines are dominated by stories of extremism and xenophobia, from Daesh terrorists to Donald Trump, we are reminded of stories that show us that wisdom, compassion, and courage cannot be extinguished.
Lunch Lady Fired For Giving Free Meal To Hungry Girl Gets Job Back. An Idaho lunch lady who said she was fired for giving a free meal to a hungry student lacking money to pay is now being offered
School Offers Job To Cafeteria Worker It Fired For Feeding Needy Student. But Dalene Bowden doesn't know if she should go back to the lunchroom.
Syria Needs Its Own Peace of Christmas Eve. There is no alternative to peace in Syria. That is the best route to defeating ISIS. Let's make a beginning with a nationwide ceasefire.  It's time for Syrians to settle differences at the negotiating table, rather than on the battlefield.
The Gift. These interviews are yours to read and enjoy over time and they are here to be shared. My secret hope is that in doing so you may be encouraged or lulled into gifting all of us what comes easily to you. In many ways, I'm beginning to think it's the thing we all need most today. Thank you for another great year of reading and passing them on.
#IWillProtectYou, U.S. Service Members Promise Terrified Muslim Girl. Eight-year-old Sofia started packing her bags after hearing Donald Trump's call to ban Muslims.
Grandma With Disability Raising 2 Grandsons Needs Extra Help This Holiday. \u201cI feel that having a home protects each of us. That\u2019s the gift.\u201d
How You Can Directly Help These 12 Families In Need This Holiday. We're spotlighting stories and ways to help families who might go without this holiday.
Here's How You Can Give A Real Helping Hand This Holiday. Be thoughtful in your charity.
Family Adopting 11th Child, Who Has Special Needs, This Holiday. At Christmas this year, Gigi will be home with her new family, and all 11 of the kids will open their presents together.
Struggling Mom Puts Camper On Sale To Buy Gifts, Facebook Responds With Presents. After losing her job, Elizabeth Garcia didn't know how she'd afford Christmas this year.
How NYC's New Homeless Outreach Teams Are Actually Going To Work. They'll try to engage with about 4,000 homeless people on the streets every day.
Charity For Homeless Returns Martin Shkreli's $15,000 Donation. \u201cWe serve people who depend on access to AIDS meds every day, and as an organization I don\u2019t think we can keep this money.\
Homeless Dogs At North America's Most Remote No-Kill Shelter Under Threat. Many of the animals at the Iqaluit Humane Society are currently flown to Ottawa on free flights.
No One Really Wants You To Donate In Their Name This Holiday Season. It may actually come across as not all that thoughtful, a new study concluded.
Orphaned West Point Student Wants Sick Grandma To Make It To His Graduation. Brandon Yarnovich's grandma adopted him after both his parents were shot and killed.
De Blasio's New Outreach Teams To Scour NYC's Streets For Homeless People Daily. The sweeping measures were launched in response to mounting criticism about the escalating issue.
Painter Recreates 'The Last Supper' With A Table Of Homeless Men. \I suppose for any one of us this might be our last supper.\
How These Teachers Are Turning Around An Outdated School System. For students attending troubled high schools in depressed cities, there\u2019s a huge disconnect between what schools teach and
Company Floods Small Town With Gifts, Residents Promptly Give Them To Others In Need. Aaand cue ugly crying face.
This Is What It Means to Shop Ethically. Do you know where the items you buy come from?\u00a0 That, alongside such factors as carbon footprint and animal rights, comprise
NYC Makes Huge Investment In Housing To Combat Homelessness. Experts say it saves thousands of dollars a year in shelter, hospital and jail costs.
Meet the Champions. Champions in Nigeria are working together to save the lives of mothers, children and young women through innovative advocacy and leadership development.
WATCH. LaNia Roberts, a sophomore at Syracuse University, talked how loving yourself could lead to less fear and less hate on HuffPost
Here's More Proof That Giving Housing To Vets Prevents Homelessness. At the conclusion of the pilot program, just 6% of clients remained homeless.
'Secret Santa' Disburses $100 Bills In Ferguson To Help Community Heal. The donor and a dozen police \elves\ from the Missouri Highway Patrol, FBI and Ferguson Police Department visited two thrift
We Know How To Make Farms More Sustainable, But We're Not Doing It. A new analysis finds potentially transformative agricultural research isn\u2019t getting the level of funding it probably should.
Instead Of Arresting Panhandlers, Albuquerque's Giving Them Jobs. Five people have found full-time employment since the program started in September.
WATCH. Families who lose their homes often have to make a difficult decision, since many homeless shelters do not allow pets. Family
Boy With Cancer Dies After Town Throws Him Final Christmas. Just one month after Evan Leversage's town lit up in his honor, he passed away on Sunday after a five-year battle with brain
WATCH. The Wonderbag is a portable cooker that is changing lives in Africa. The bag can retain heat for 8-10 hours,\u00a0allowing food
At Uber Headquarters, Project HEAL Raises More Than $500,000 To Fight Eating Disorders. For both Arianna Huffington and Uber co-founder Travis Kalanick, it is a deeply personal cause.
Donations Pour In For Father Of 6 Killed In San Bernardino Shooting. See how you can help.
WATCH. Seattle Seahawks head coach and co-founder of Win Forever Consulting Pete Carroll recently spoke with the Huffington Post
Millennials Are Eager To Donate Their Biggest Asset. Millennials prefer to use their personal skills when giving to charity, according to a new report.
After San Bernardino Shooting, Blood Banks Appeal For Donations. One blood bank was put on lockdown in the aftermath of the tragedy due to security concerns.
How Zuckerberg's LLC Could Be More Effective Than Charity. He wants to find long-term solutions, instead of rushing to pour money into an issue.
Giving Tuesday Donations Jumped 52% From Last Year. Good Job, Internet. Donations may top more than $70 million.
Joy to the World. This holiday season as you shop online and navigate your way through crowded stores, consider adding just one child to your list; just one child whose moment of happiness is just a click away.
The Re-Emergent Local Public Sphere. Many citizens are enthusiastic about improving their communities and local governments are employing new technologies to take advantage of this resurgence in civic energy. Local level governments, providing an ever-growing share of public service delivery, are experimenting to engage and empower citizens.
The Spirit of Giving. While you might only think about going to your local homeless shelter or soup kitchen during Thanksgiving or on Christmas the people who are utilizing the programs offered by these organizations are in need well after your decorations are back in the attic and December 25th has come and gone.
If We\u2019re Going To End Factory Farms, We Need To Eat Way Less Meat. Meat consumption is down after decades of growth, but the U.S. still eats more of it than any other country.
When The Mountains Started Exploding. On Monday, November 30th, The Huffington Post is thrilled to showcase, in a special event, the new film from Oscar-winner
Start Peace in Syria With Ceasefire and Food. There is nothing to be gained from continued fighting in Syria. There won't be anything left in the country. For right now Syrians cannot even do the basics like growing food.
Dad Who Can't Afford Holidays Helps Other Struggling Families. \u201cI understand them. I\u2019ve gone through it. I\u2019m still going through it.\
Here's When Soup Kitchens Most Need Your Time, Donations. Hint
NYC To Invest $2.6 Billion In Homeless Housing, Won't Wait For State's Help. The housing will support domestic abuse victims, veterans, drug addicts and those living on the street.
Homelessness In The US Dropped Slightly Since Last Year. Nearly 565,000 people were homeless on a single night in January.
Former Black Panther Uses 'Bonus Years' To Make Art. \Jamal is at an age where, instead of kicking back, he's doing what might be the most important work of his life.\
Mark Zuckerberg Is Happy Simply Helping People, Not Trying To \u2018Disrupt\u2019 Philanthropy. The Facebook CEO and his wife recently gave $75 million to San Francisco General Hospital.
Here's Boston's Plan To End Chronic Veteran Homelessness By The End Of The Year. The city has housed 484 veterans since July 2014.
Apps That Identify Homeless New Yorkers 'Harass' And 'Stigmatize,' Advocates Say. However. at least one app is harnessing the technology for donations.
Vietnam Vet Donates Kidney To Old War Buddy. Vietnam veteran Bill Warner and John Middaugh formed a bond that will truly last a lifetime. 47 years ago, these two young
Report Aims To Bust Stigma Against Military Men Who Face Sexual Assault. \It seems to have to do with retribution, with dominance, with power -- a lot of the dynamics we typically see in rape.\
The Most Important Skill One Top Executive Says You Need To Get Hired. It's pretty simple.
The Encouraging Poverty News That Official Data Isn't Telling Us. How Census data is making the poverty rate look worse than it is.
Georgia Trooper Starts Fund To Help Kids After Parents Die In Tragic Halloween Crash. The fund is raising money for the four kids who were waiting at home in costumes when the trooper arrived.
The Coolest Animal You Know Nothing About (And How We Can Save It). Although the tapir is one of the world's largest land mammals, the lives of these solitary, nocturnal creatures have remained
This Simple Idea Gives Homeless People A Way To Get Ahead. Homelessness is one of the most rampant \u2014 and, perhaps by extension, most overlooked \u2014 problems currently facing society
Man Aims To Break Black Friday Stakeout Record For The Best Reason. He wants people to know about the homelessness crisis children in South Florida face.
Supreme Court Free Speech Ruling Challenges Anti-Panhandling Laws. Last year, 76% of cities banned panhandling in some locations.
Meet 5 Badass Runners Who Are Racing In The NYC Marathon For Extraordinary Reasons. Get it, guys!
Man Who\u2019s Been Homeless 15 Years Gets Apartment, Proves \u2018Housing First\u2019 Works. \Housing First\ gives homes to homeless individuals, with no strings attached.
Nonprofits More Chill About Accepting Donations From Pot Companies. The stigma is starting to fade.
High School Students Serve As Pallbearers At Homeless People's Funerals. They said they consider the opportunity a \privilege.\
Housing The Homeless. Sam Tsemberis had a simple realization that started a revolution
The Daily Life With Tracey Stewart. Catching up with the author, mother and animal advocate.
If Affordable Housing Were Treated Like Food Food Stamps. It could mean a fairer system where more people in need get a roof over their heads.
Boston Marathon Survivor Donates Prosthetic To Amputee. The \heartwarming\ gesture was made possible through Heather Abbott's eponymous foundation.
Hawaii Governor Declares Homelessness 'State Of Emergency'. The state saw a 23 percent increase in its homeless population between 2014 and 2015.
Prevention vs. Cure. Post 9/11 veterans commit suicide more, are homeless more, and are jobless more than their civilian counterparts. Underscoring these bleak outcomes, top policy makers have noted that the \evidence appears to be that [serving in the military] is not an advantage.\
This Couple Lives On 6% Of Their Income So They Can Give $100,000 A Year To Charity. Julia Wise is a social worker and her husband, Jeff Kaufman, is a software engineer. In 2013, their combined income was just
Better Skills for a New Generation. As we all know, opportunity still isn't evenly distributed. Yet, even for those around the world with access to education, there are many who are paying for a false bill of goods.
Uberdose. As a paramedic that worked along the U.S.-Mexico border until 2010, my colleagues and I responded to a lot of\u00a0heroin and painkiller\u00a0overdoses.\u00a0Some of them we got to in time, while in others we got there too\u00a0late -- not to mention the many we never heard about.
Who's Up For Some Post-Paranoid Politics?. Some of us are sick of the vilification of political adversarie. We can disagree with our adversaries, even passionately, without attributing sinister motives or magical powers to them.
One Of Nation's Largest Homeless Camps Is Getting Cleared Out. The Hawaii camp was home to many who had lived there for years, despite sporadic sweeps.
Many Refugees Can\u2019t Afford Menstrual Protection. This Woman Is Helping To Fix That. Families' weekly $10-stipend can't cover sanitary pads.
UNITE To Face Addiction Concert Livestream. Watch live as Joe Walsh, Steven Tyler, Sheryl Crow, The Fray, Jason Isbell, Aloe Blacc, John Rzeznik and more perform in
Time to Unite To Face Addiction. Addiction takes a terrible toll on families, on our health care system, on the economy and on the vitality of our youth. Currently we treat addiction like a moral failing, like an issue of personal responsibility rather than treating it like the disease it is.
How To Help Heroic Army Veteran Wounded By Oregon Shooter. The money will help pay for Chris Mintz's medical bills and his son's education.
Meet Two People Who Are Addressing The Cause Of Teen Stress. \It\u2019s hard to lead others if you can\u2019t lead yourself first.\
Watch 1,000 Gallons Of Water Just Disappear Like That. The technology could help reduce the risk of flash flooding after a major storm.
Youngest Self-Made Woman Billionaire Shares Wise Words On Female Stereotypes. \Raise our little girls with the stereotype that they can be the best in engineering and science and math.\
How To Make Social Justice Movements Less Judgy, And More Welcoming. \At our worst, social justice culture is basically a rehash of high school.\
Wizards Star John Wall Donates $400,000 To Help Homeless Kids. The money benefits an organization that provides childcare and education.
WATCH LIVE. On Sunday, UN Headquarters will host the Solutions Summit\u00a0in New York City. This exciting gathering will showcase innovators
Michelle Obama Unveils Campaign Focusing On Girls' Education. NEW YORK (AP) \u2014 First Lady Michelle Obama introduced a new campaign focusing on education for girls around the world at the
Free Tampon Dispenser In School Helps Low-Income Girls. Buying tampons and pads can be a serious burden for some students.
Los Angeles Officials Declare Homelessness 'State Of Emergency'. \The human suffering that occurs on Skid Row is astonishing -- it will literally take your breath away.\
30,000 People In Need In Hawaii Get Free Cell Phones. Many homeless people say a cell phone is a lifeline.
'Hundreds' Of Strangers Attend Unclaimed Veteran's Funeral. \u201cYou don't ever leave a soldier behind.\u201d
WATCH. Despite flashing some genuine promise in the last few weeks, the Red Sox will not be playing October baseball this season
Despite 'Record' Amounts Of Aid, Syrian Refugees Still Struggling. Agencies have had to scale back on food and cash aid, making it increasingly difficult for refugees to survive.
By Challenging The Law, This Homeless Man Learned His Voice Does Matter. Justin Guy not only changed the free speech laws, he also changed his life.
U.S. Challenged To Reduce Food Waste By 50 Percent By 2030. Twenty-one percent of all the waste in landfills is food.
Group Named For Youngest Boston Marathon Victim Urges Kids To Spread Peace. Martin Richard was 8 years old when he was killed during the 2013 Boston Marathon attacks.
Ashley Judd. We know that globally, one in three women will be coerced into sex, beaten, or otherwise abused in her lifetime. In most cases, the perpetrator is someone she knows, such as her husband, boyfriend, or mother-in-law.
From a Refugee Camp to a Royal Court. Jacqueline is an inspiration to anyone with a goal and the resilience to achieve it. A Cambodian refugee, a mother of two, a licensed esthetician, a music manager, a web show host, Jacqueline uniquely embodies the value of doing.
How You Can Still Help 9/11 Victims, Family Members. These groups are still honoring victims and helping families 14 years after the attacks.
Athletes With Disabilities Show Gym-Goers Why They Should Look Past Appearances. Tall. Buff. Agile. That\u2019s how your standard gym rat would likely describe a perfect body. But at least one group of athletes
Richard Gere 'Shaken' By Experience Of Playing Homeless Man. \A couple minutes into the shot, we realized no one was paying attention.\
Mattress Company Employs Former Inmates, And Makes Sure They Have A Ride To Work. A mattress company in Topeka, Kansas, is helping both its customers and employees rest easy at night. Memory Foam Liquidators
How Volunteering Can Help the World (And You). You choose to become even more aware of how each of us plays a very significant part. So you go about your day as usual, but you smile more intentionally, hold someone's hand a bit longer, and make choices that are a part of the solution, not the problem.
5 Ways You Can Really Save Our Oceans. 
Five Ways to Honor the American Worker this Labor Day. The essence of this special day is about acknowledging the strength, skill, persistence and even artistry demonstrated every time any job is done well. It's something we too readily forget in a world that seems to be more and more dominated by fame, fortune and reality television.
This Could Help Curb New York City's Homelessness Issue. De Blasio admitted New York City has a homelessness problem. Some experts say there is an answer.
Free Online Course Connects Ex-Inmates With The Job Skills They Need. The aim is to also cut recidivism.
Lizzie Velasquez, Called 'Monster' Online, Creates New, Safe Space For Bullying Victims. When she was a teen, Velasquez saw a commenter online labeled her \World's Ugliest Woman.\
Running Club Has Helped Bring 1,300 People Out Of Homelessness. \Running really is a metaphor for life.\
How a Human-Centered Soundscape Is Making London a Smarter City. To help humanize the development of their project, the Cities Unlocked team commissioned the Helen Hamlyn Centre at the Royal College of Art to shadow eight people with sight loss as they planned and undertook walking journeys.
New Orleans Marks 10 Years Since Hurricane Katrina. \A celebration would not be the right gesture for those who will never be made whole\
After Katrina, Here\u2019s How New Orleans Improved Education, Low-Income Housing, Health Care. NOLA's search for silver linings.
Yelp Adds Hospital Wait Times And Nursing Home Ratings Using ProPublica Data. Don't make people find the data -- make the data find the people.
Scholarship Funds For Alison Parker, Adam Ward Honor Slain Journalists. Supporters hope the legacies of the late journalists will live on.
Stop Talking About 'Screen Time,' Start Thinking About Screen Use. In a new episode of \If Our Bodies Could Talk\ published at TheAtlantic.com on Thursday, health columnist Dr. James Hamblin
Phoenix Court Waives Misdemeanor Fines, Warrants For Homeless Population. The program is also saving the criminal justice system a great deal of money.
Facebook Opens Up 'Donate' Button To All Nonprofits. This new Facebook feature is hard not to like. The social network announced on Monday that all nonprofits can now add the
How One Actress-Activist Is Working To End Dogfighting In Los Angeles. Rebecca Corry hopes a new tip line will help land more animal abusers behind bars.
New Site Tells Tourists What Their Destinations' Charities Need. A soon-to-be-launched online platform will provide a way for travelers to help support the countries they're visiting. Travita
You Have Giving All Wrong. Giving has always meant, to me, being able to give a gift or listen to someone by giving my time and energy. But I had no idea the path I would take -- as a result of one simple idea I had -- that would fundamentally change my outlook on life.
Ten Years After Katrina. New Orleans native Burnell Cotlon has spent the last five years on a mission. He's turning a two-story building that was destroyed by Hurricane Katrina in 2005 (along with most of his Lower 9th Ward neighborhood), into a shopping plaza.  Watch.
Paying Organ Donors For Travel, Recovery Could Enable More Low-Income People To Save Lives. Donors also have to consider missing work, child care costs and whether their jobs will wait for them.
How A Small Michigan Town Is Sending All Its Kids To College. The Baldwin Promise has caused a surge in college enrollment numbers.
White House Police Data Initiative Could Lead To Reform -- If The Public Demands It. The numbers could have an enormous impact. But people will need to actually see them first.
Homelessness Has Dropped 85% In New Orleans Since Hurricane Katrina. Though rates are still high, they remain lower than a number of other major U.S. cities, including Washington, D.C. and New York City.
Cottages For Homeless People In Dallas Will Save Taxpayers About $1.3 Million. Dallas seems to have taken a cue from its neighbors in Houston\u00a0on how to effectively tackle, and put an end to, chronic homelessness
Baltimore Responded To Its Rioting By Creating Jobs For 3,000 Of Its Youth. In the days following the worst rioting to befall Baltimore since the 1960s, advocates and politicians acknowledged the need
Domestic Abuse Is A Leading Cause Of Homelessness, But New NYC Program May Bring Some Relief. NEW YORK (AP) \u2014 When Karen finally decided to leave a husband who had been abusing her for years, she found out that fleeing
Johnny Depp Rocks Out To Help Bring Free Surgeries To Kids In Need. LOS ANGELES (AP) \u2014 Johnny Depp didn't say a word as he stepped onto a small stage inside the Lucky Strike bowling alley
Venture Fair in Athens Gives Greek Entrepreneurs Newfound Hope. A day before the Greek government announced the referendum and four days before it imposed capital controls, the first-ever venture fair was held in Greece.
Taking the 'I' Out of Volunteering. Organizations that help nonprofits understand where they can use more expertise and capacity, and then connecting them with that help, offer one key step towards solving the complex problems we face as a society.
Retired Great-Grandma Spent The Summer Bringing Lunch To Low-Income Kids. \We're all put on this Earth to do something.\
Author Raises Awareness For Fact That Only Rich Can Afford To Write About Poverty. Updated on Aug. 17, 2015 at 2 P.M. EST. One in six Americans doesn\u2019t know where he\u2019s going to get his next meal. But chances
This Jail's Urban Farming Project Benefits Inmates, Local Charities. The unique program has been called a \win\ for all involved.
Food Pantries Harness Technology To Help Fight The Hunger Gap. Charles Scott is shopping for groceries at a Philadelphia food pantry, busily clicking away at a computer to select his choices
Utah Is Expunging Minor Crimes For Homeless To Help Them Get Fresh Start. Re-building the lives of Utah's once-chronically homeless
Farmers Could Slash Their Costs And Emissions By Using a Tractor Powered By Methane. VENARIA REALE, Italy (AP) -- Luca Remmert's dream of running a self-sustainable farm is within sight. He produces energy
The Perilous Morality of Climate Change. It's a challenging endeavor to discuss \what's working\ with climate change. News outlets the world over are littered with stories of doom and gloom, of current calamities and human suffering.  A quick perusal of the summary of the most recent IPCC report lays out where we are and what that means.
Volunteering on Shaky Ground. There are a lot of experiences I can recall after my sixth year volunteering with Travelers Aid, but one of the most memorable is the infamous Virginia earthquake of August 23, 2011. Since we're approaching its fourth anniversary, I thought it would be enlightening to touch on the experiences I had that day.
Science. My journey to self discovery mirrors the art of science itself-- full of curiosity, challenge, exploration, and awareness to reach a conclusion. Growing to accept my own identity has been a journey somehow inexplicably linked to embracing science.
5 Things Not to Do to a Person With Deformity. I fell into a pot of boiling-hot water, immersed in it for nearly an hour -- alone and unsupervised. This traumatic event, literally scarred me for life. Physically for sure, but also emotionally and psychologically.
CRS Cares for Migrants in Serbia. Imagine, for a second, your favorite public park. Now imagine that park as a temporary home to thousands of people fleeing war, violence and poverty.
Poor Neighborhoods In L.A. To Get Green Car-Share Program. It could help reduce annual greenhouse gas emissions by approximately 2,150 metric tons of CO2.
Happy International Childfree Day! Announcing 2015 Childfree Woman and Man of the Year. Laura lives with her husband and cat in a 120 square foot home in North Carolina. These are commonly called Tiny Homes, and it's more of a movement or a philosophy than a house size. It's about living lighter on the planet, living more simply so you can focus on what matters, and creating more personal freedom to be authentically you.
More Equality And Dinosaurs. \I want to change, like to happiness and joy.\
In His Own Words, Iraq and Afghanistan Vet Recounts Journey From Homelessness To Hope. There's help out there for homeless veterans. They just need to know where to find it.
Tanzania Reality Show Tackles Gender Inequality, Awards Women Farmers Cash And Farm Tools. This reality show drama is actually worth watching. Preparing to film its fifth season, Oxfam Tanzania\u2019s series about women
4 Huge Ways Obama Spoke Up For Women On His Historic Kenya Trip. \u201cAround the world there is a tradition of oppressing women and treating them differently and not giving them the same opportunities
New York Summer Camp Gives Homeless Children A Chance To Just Be Kids. For most kids, summer is a time of year to look forward to. But that's not typically the case for the 23,000 children who
Disability Rights Advocates Call Out Uber Over Accessibility Issues. Uber still has a long way to go in order to make its transportation network fully accessible to New Yorkers in wheelchairs
Disabilities Act Was 'Life-Changer' For Millions, But New Legislation Needed To Move Forward. NEW YORK (AP) -- Five days before he was to start college, Fred Maahs' world turned upside down. Off the Delaware coast in
George W. Bush's Daughter Is Doing Incredible Work On Global Health. THE time-honored way to speak of young people is with horror. They\u2019re wild, reckless, irresponsible, narcissistic, immoral
People With Disabilities Are Twice As Likely To Be Poor. These Businesses Are Fighting That Stat. The staggering unemployment and poverty rates among people with disabilities is a reminder of how much work still needs to
Impact Investing Could Help Developing Countries Tackle Food Security, Climate Change. Developing nations need trillions of dollars a year to tackle issues like food security, climate change risks and basic infrastructure
Struggling Blind Musician Gives Away Money He Collects To People In Need. \I'm going to keep giving until I can't give any more.\
Workers Bring Mental Health Care, Medication To Homeless In Miami. A partnership between advocates for the homeless, city outreach workers and a health center is helping mentally ill people
Ex-Cons Pick Up Inmates On 1st Day Out To Help Them Transition Into New Life. Two men were sitting in a parked car, waiting to pick someone up. Carlos Cervantes was in the driver\u2019s seat. He was 30, with
New Cartoon Video Demystifies Ebola. The Global Health Media Project has produced a cartoon video, The Story of Ebola. The video presents the Ebola virus in scientific, yet understandable terms for West African countries still facing the viral threat.
She Dreamed of Africa -- And Then She Was Sent There. My daughter joined the Peace Corps last year, right after graduating from college in Florida, with an International Affairs degree. She wants to be a diplomat. After having trekked the World with me during her childhood, she was still dreaming of Africa.
Here's The Actual Impact All Those Buckets Of Ice Had On ALS Research. Remember this time last year when everyone\u2019s congresswoman, favorite singer\u00a0and probably a distant cousin or 10 was dumping
Elon Musk To Address 'Nerd Altruists' At Google HQ. Elon Musk is set to appear at the Googleplex next month, not to talk electric cars or space exploration but to address a
Here's What Happened To All That ALS Ice Bucket Challenge Money. Atlanta (CNN) -\u00a0To raise awareness for ALS, Chris Kennedy poured a bucket of ice water over his head. A year ago Wednesday
What Every Activist Can Learn From Scrappy Gay Marriage Advocates. The movement for gay marriage is one of the most successful issue campaigns of the last several decades, having convinced
The World Can End AIDS By 2030. By 2030, AIDS could be a thing of the past, a new UNAIDS report\u00a0has concluded Since 2000, the number of new HIV cases has
Aspen Ideas Festival 2015. There is so much to say about the Aspen Ideas Festival, it's hard to know where to begin. It was the best yet! Congratulations Kitty Boone and Walter Isaacson and to their wonderful staff. The format is always fascinating.
You Want to Talk About #TheShoe? Fine. Talk About #TheShoe. But Do Something Actually Useful First. All this talk about nail polish matching our shoes -- meanwhile there are children and adults who don't even have shoes.  I know that's an old and tired sentiment, but it's still true.  The clich\u00e9 does not take poverty away.
Resisting Resistance. Is there a promising new drug or combination of drugs on the horizon? I asked Professor Nicholas Day, Director of the Mahidol Oxford Tropical Medicine Research Unit in Thailand.
Let's Talk About Prison Reform. There is no doubt we have come a long way in shifting our national, collective consciousness around this issue. But is the national conversation regarding criminal justice reform moving in the right direction?
The Joy of Caring for Children in Need. Can I share something with you? Being a parent has been the second best thing I have ever done. The first, of course, was marrying my wife! To be sure, being a parent has made me a much better person, in so many ways.
\I Have a Dream That:_____________.\. A few weeks ago my wife, 12-year-old son and I traveled to Washington, D.C. to attend a family wedding. My wife recommended we go a few days early to show our son the different sites and memorials, so that's what we did.
Living Life From Both Sides Now. 
Lessons Learned From the American Independence. On July 4, 1776, the United States declared independence from Britain and a vigorous new democracy was born. This year, we celebrate our 239th birthday, and our Founding Fathers are probably doing somersaults from the grave and sputtering in wonderment, \Who knew?\
A 4th of July Sidebar Discussion in Vienna. As U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry is meeting with his Iranian counterpart in Vienna, at some point, he might want to make a reference to an event that just took place at the State Department in Washington on July 1 -- the announcement of the 2015 World Food Prize laureate.
A Birthday Gift for the Dalai Lama -- Global Compassion Education. While I love his wish, I say let's take it a step further
INTERVIEW. In 2013, the family of a little boy named Miles, suffering from cancer, made a request to the Make-a-Wish Foundation. He wanted to be Batman. From that simple hope of a sick child, an entire social movement was born
2015. This year marks a decade and a half since the international community committed to address the vast and complex problem of educating all of the world's primary school-aged children. It's a time to reassess the next steps in the global education movement.
Support Justice, Not Further Amendments. On June 11, 2015 in a Politico, Human Rights First ran an ad supporting the McCain-Feinstein anti-torture amendment by at least 40 former high ranking US military brass, called \retired Generals and Admirals against torture.\
A Declaration of Financial Independence for Our Military. Here's another self-evident truth
Is Homelessness Really Falling? Probably Not. Based on the evidence, it is difficult to maintain that we are successfully ending homelessness as a whole in the United States. The problem with claiming otherwise is that it feeds a false narrative -- that we can end homelessness without a massive increase in spending.
Girls Are More At Risk For Female Genital Mutilation In Summer. Here's Who's Helping. 
How One 'Mother Hen' In Hawaii Cares For 63 Homeless People At A Time. 
17 Ways We Can Work Toward Justice for All. Legalizing same-sex marriage is a huge victory, but it is not the finish line of justice. Inequality takes many forms, and people are still waiting on their ability to live freely, safely, or, just to live.
The Forgotten Color in the Rainbow. I care about marriage equality. I care about it in part as an ally to my friends who are gay and deserve to be just as legally married as I am... and I care, to be honest, because I'm old fashioned. I care because I believe in marriage.
How I Finally Developed Some National Pride. Being a Third Culture Kid -- someone who spent her developmental years outside her parents' home countries -- I never got the cultural coding that provides for a sense of nationalism or patriotism.
A Global Solution Towards Human Evolution, Development and Empathy. Multiple deadly attacks arose multiple questions and covered up all my mind all long this first weekend of summer.
There is Beauty in the Broken. As I walked along the beach hand in hand with my six year old daughter, we scanned the sand beneath our feet in search of interesting seashells.
Millennial Activism -- A Look Into America's Current State. What change does social network activism really evoke? There's no doubt that awareness is brought to these situations that need to be brought to light, but often that awareness substitutes action.
What You Should Know About the Most Dangerous Week. It can be hard to understand how seeking safety can first lead to danger. When victims choose to leave a domestic violence situation, they have made one of the most courageous choices imaginable. Few people realize just how dangerous the week victims choose to leave truly is.
Entrepreneurship Helps Delay Child Marriage In India, Empower Young Women. 
On the Move Again. Homelessness has increased over 25 percent in LA over the last four years.  And it's not just our city.
My Nickname. We have seen the devastation that racism can perpetrate when the hate embedded within it festers in silence at the margins of our society. But where does this sort of racism come from? I don't know that I have the answer, but I do have a particular, firsthand experience that may give some insight into the question.
Why Flying Hawaii's Homeless To Other States Is A Good Thing. 
Dalai Lama's 80th Birthday Wish Is That We All Live #WithCompassion. 
'I Am HIV-Positive. Touch Me.'. 
1%, 2%, 3%, Snore? What Numbers Don't Tell Us About Helping Vulnerable Children. The political will and financing to ensure that education is prioritized alongside other life-saving and rebuilding interventions is clearly and starkly missing.
The NFL is at it, Again!. We want to hear more positive football stories because they restore our faith in humanity (and maybe in the NFL). However, these particular stories also reveal a very serious problem.  How is our medical system missing these potentially-fatal heart conditions in our young athletes?
How \Liter of Light\ is Illuminating the Globe With Repurposed Two-Liter Bottles. Liter of Light is the latest project launched by the MyShelter Foundation, an organization dedicated to bringing low-cost, innovative green technology to rural communities with limited resources.
Millions of Refugees Need Access to Cleaner, More Efficient Cookstoves and Fuels. More than 59 million people are currently displaced from their homes due to conflict, war, and disaster. They leave home with few possessions, and often, in fear of their lives.
Scientists Make Better Leaders. The scientific approach to problem solving has its roots in critical and analytical thinking, teamwork, and creativity. I am an advocate for training students so they can apply their scientific training to any academic major or career path.
Two Different Worlds, One Week. Last week, we launched the GlobalMindED movement with four hundred leaders from business, education, non-profit organizations, and foundations who came from seven countries around the world.
Champions for Change. Champions for Change (C4C) is pleased to continue our 'Meet the Champions' Series. This bi-monthly blog series highlights the work of 24 Nigerian leaders currently participating as C4C champions.
The Cost of Moving to the 'Burbs'. One of the lasting inequities of gentrification is the increasing unaffordability of urban centers.
Writing Race the Day After Charleston. On Thursday evening I walked into a writing class I was teaching for the first time. Fourteen eloquent writers of color were gathered together and waiting for me. I wondered what I could possibly teach them at this particular moment when I felt broken myself.
Is There an Inner Revolution Taking Place on This Planet? You Bet!. I have never been happier in my life, and I want to tell you why, because it's about you.
Fathers, Let's Talk About Love, Respect And HIV. As fathers, it is our duty to explain even the most difficult issues to our children. This Father's Day, let's focus on HIV.
Olympian-Mother-Breast Cancer Patient. Beth Barr and I spoke on the phone today; perhaps the first time ever.  We tried to trace back how we first met because it feels as if I have known Beth forever, like a distant cousin or relative that has always been in the back of my mind.
A Tribute to a Father. I wish that I had listened to my father more. I wish I let things that hurt roll off my back more and trusted that being natural and myself was safe. He advised me to pursue so many goals for myself and I didn't listen because I did not believe in myself. He wanted me to trust myself and I fought him on this.
What if Your Dad Had Married at Age 7?. It's Father's Day, a day which should be filled with summertime family fun - not stories about child marriage. In the United States, it's hard for us to imagine something as shocking as children marrying at an age when they should be attending second grade, but it happens in many countries.
This Clean Water Device Creates A Tap From A Backpack, And It's Saving Lives. 
How Dads In Malawi Are Reducing HIV Rates Among Babies. 
Take Action and Help World's Refugees. Even when refugees do manage to find safety, they still face a daily struggle to find food and obtain other basics of life. Children suffer the most and are at risk of deadly malnutrition.
Please Take the Confederate Flag Down. As I watch the television coverage of the families of those murdered, I am amazed by their faith and their commitment to forgive the man who took the lives of their loved ones. They should be an inspiration to all of us.
'Record' Humanitarian Aid Isn't Enough. This is What Struggling Countries Really Need. 
60 Million People Living Today as Refugees. Reading about the plight of refugees, it's easy for the suffering millions to meld together into a faceless mass. That's why I want to place one human face on the 60 million refugees. I want to share the story of my mother.
'Normal Humans' Can Speak Up And Bring Change, Malala Tells Jon Stewart. 
Will Charleston Wake Us Up?. What I have been saying for 20 years in 30 books and hundreds of lectures is that it is humanity's beliefs about God that have produced humanity's dysfunctional experience of itself.
Britain To Accept Hundreds More Syrian Women And Children. 
How To Help Charleston After Church Shooting. 
Searching for Normal. On this World Refugee Day, we need more than symbolic platitudes, speeches and statistical references, we need international community action.  The Syria crisis, or more to the point, war, is approaching its fifth year with devastating consequences.
From Despair to Hope to Dignity. Homelessness strips so much from a person
A 'License to Kill'? 6 Million Lives at Stake Every Year. If Philip Morris wins its case against Uruguay forcing them to scrap its laws aimed at safeguarding public health, smoking bans in other countries will also be threatened. Philip Morris will have a \license to kill\. A ruling is expected very soon from the ICSID, a branch of the World Bank.
9 Ways to Heal. Healing happens in so many ways. From arts programs, to yoga, to support groups, many of our grantees this week are providing opportunities for communities to heal the challenging circumstances of their lives.
The US DOT Leaders in Accessible Transportation Technology?. This is not some crazy named technology company from famous Silicon Valley but a group of people in DC who are actually diving into inclusion and pushing the technology industry to solve some really difficult but pressing issues.
Closing the Financial Inclusion Gender Gap. The gender gap challenge persists in most countries even as overall financial inclusion increases. While inclusion is growing for everyone, women tend to lag men by seven percentage points globally when it comes to having access to financial products.
A Bad Idea, After All. 
A Simple Wish. Kids such as 9 year-old Rachael have experienced more hospital visits and grit their teeth through more ongoing treatment than I ever have. Maybe more than you have too.
Why The Most Important Man In A Girl's Life Is Her Father. Every day around the world, we as fathers make decisions about the future of our daughters -- whether they stay in school, marry too early (or against their will), whether we treat their mothers with respect, or whether we support our daughters to pursue their dreams and see themselves as competent and powerful.
Getting SmaRT About Reducing Remittances Costs. When a Moroccan fruit-seller closes his stand each evening at the Porta Palazzo market in Turin, Italy, he thinks about how much money he made that day, how much he can send to his family back in Morocco that week, how much it will cost to send that money, and how many Dirhams his family will receive.
7-Step Formula for Success. Countless self-help books flirt and kiss but rarely go all the way. Perhaps because for the most part it's the commercial appearance of value with their pretty fonts, lively testimonials, and convoluted messages that escape even the greatest cryptographer.
Elections Herald an Increase in Women MPs in Turkey, But More Progress Is Needed. The Turkish Parliament will soon welcome the highest number of women Members of Parliament (MPs) in its history after parliamentary elections held on 7 June 2015. According to initial estimates, the number of women MPs elected to the Turkish Parliament increased from 79 to 98.
Iraq Strategy Should Also Fight Hunger. While a strategy for peace in Iraq is still being formed, we already know one ingredient. Food will help write the peace in Iraq. For there cannot be any peace or stability with people starving and malnourished. We cannot abandon Iraqis in this time of great distress.
The Best Volunteer Programs Do This. If you're wondering why, despite all of your careful planning and grand volunteer and giving activities, your participation numbers are flat, you need to take a look at how you're hooking your employees into your program in the first place.
Success Of A Mentor Mother Equals Success Of The Greater Community. When Bessie Nkhwazi, the mothers2mothers (m2m) Malawi District Manager for Thyolo District, told me that Thekerani Health Center was \very far away,\ I did not think much of it -- but after almost two hours in the car on a precarious, mountain-top dirt road, I fully understood why Bessie emphasized \very far.\
Bravery After Battle. A year after he was ambushed by machine-gun fire in Fallujah, Iraq, Lt. Jason Redman was still missing his nose. The bullets that showered his body also hit his cheekbone, leaving the right side of his face caved in.
Speaking Up For Girls' Rights On The Day Of The African Child. Today, as Africa simultaneously commemorates the Day of the African Child and the 25th anniversary of the Charter, we have a rare opportunity to reflect on both progress and challenges in responding to child marriages in Africa.
Conversation With My Daughter About Human Trafficking. As we take turns pushing her one-year-old brother in his stroller, my daughter asks me why people don't just stay away from bad people, then they won't be trafficked. I tell her that usually the story starts out with hope.
Father's Day and America's Veterans. This Father's Day, if you need substance abuse or mental health assistance, ask for it, especially if you are a veteran. Your family needs you and most likely, they love you.
Food Hubs Could Be Revolutionary -- But They're Not As Simple As They Seem. Food hubs -- enterprises that actively manage the aggregation, distribution and marketing of source-identified foods from local and regional producers -- could be the key link in a new supply chain that fixes our broken food system.
Why Sustainability Needs To Be Sexy -- And How It Can Be. Sexy and sustainability -- two words that go together like fun and root canal. Sustainability is a lot of things, but for most of us, sexy isn't one of them. That needs to change.
Experts. 
After a Disaster, What You Find When You are First to Arrive. In the months and years ahead, stress could damage individuals and families. When an earthquake wipes hometowns off maps, psychosocial care is critical and is always part of a long-term, comprehensive response.
How to Light the Off-Grid World in a Decade. To unlock the potential of distributed solar energy and solve humanity's energy crisis, we need a Global Solar Bank that can replicate the successes of SNV in Tanzania and IDCOL in Bangladesh.
Cherie Blair. Everything I have ever done has been focused on this underlying theme of shifting the paradigm because, \what we think determines what we feel and what we feel determines what we do.\
7 Ways to Learn From the Things You're Bad At. Maybe you're actually good at your weakness, but you just need to better understand it (as was my case). Or maybe you need to let it go altogether because there are better uses of your time.
Children Are in Need of Families, and You May Be the Perfect Fit. There are many ways to help make a difference, but the most direct and surest way to make a profound, life-changing impact in the life of a child who has experienced abuse or neglect is to adopt a waiting child from the foster care system.
FDA Approves Edible Medicine For Kids With HIV That Will Save More Young Lives. 
Managing the Restless Millennial Employee. For companies interested in retaining millennials, it's vital to infuse cause work into the corporate ethos, and then to structure the volunteer experience in ways that will be attractive to millennials.
Do Corporate Grantmakers Care More About the Poor Than Other Foundations?. For most Fortune 500 companies, philanthropy is a vehicle for corporate interests. Corporations are designed for profit maximization and market expansion, and corporate philanthropy generally is in service to those objectives.
Our Cross to Bear. I've been working on the ground in Haiti with people who are heroic to me. It has bred this reflection. What my eyes have seen make me grateful to them. What my eyes have seen make me grateful to the American Red Cross.
The Already-Colored-In Coloring Book. 
Meet the Harlem Native Who Is on a Mission to End Poverty in America. The East Harlem headquarters of Single Stop, the nonprofit that Mason helped establish seven years ago, invites at-risk Americans from all walks of life to pay a visit. There, representatives demystify the labyrinthine process of accessing aid.
Inappropriate Touching is Still Child Sexual Abuse. It may be too late, with statute of limitations, for these victims to have a criminal process and unfortunately I don't understand what civil options they may have available to them today. But let's give these young women an opportunity to have a true, un-coached voice.
Nanette Lepore. What you really take away when talking with Nanette is how much she really cares. The love she puts into everything she does is so apparent its infectious. She has that special ability to leave a positive and lasting impression everywhere she goes. I have been shifted.
Marshall's Speech and Winning the Peace. On June 5, 1947 America's greatest peace adventure got started with a speech by Secretary of State George C. Marshall. It was a commencement address at Harvard University. It set in motion a masterful plan to rebuild Europe from the ashes of World War II.
Harm Reduction Meets Healthcare Reform Where It's At In the Empire State. In 2010, when the Affordable Care Act was signed into law, we knew that new opportunities were emerging for drug users who were disconnected from the traditional healthcare system.
Want To Be An Ally To All Marginalized People? Stop Using These Everyday Words. 
The Enduring Inspiration of Robert Kennedy's Ripples of Hope. In the summer of 1966, my parents, Robert and Ethel Kennedy, traveled to South Africa at the invitation of Ian Robertson, President of the National Union of South African Students, or NUSAS. NUSAS, which opposed the racist Apartheid regime then in power in South Africa, wanted my father to deliver the keynote address at the annual Day of Reaffirmation of Academic and Human Freedom at the University of Cape Town.
Beau Biden Charity Raises $125,000 In Two Days. 
Job Market in 2050. Our world is changing faster than ever and if you ask any teacher, they will tell you that one of the greatest challenges they face is to educate a generation of children today for a set of jobs that will arise tomorrow.
Love Is Legitimate. Love is legitimate, regardless of who it is between. I hope that is something that our current Supreme Court, and society at large, can see.
Saying Thank You In the Best Way Possible. I was listening to a great leader... someone who had hit rock bottom (maybe even that place below rock bottom) and rose again through sheer determination.
Study. 
Grand Canyon National Park Celebrates Asian-American Pacific Islander Heritage Month. These sites tell some of the stories, struggles and accomplishments of these groups that have enriched the history of the United States and endeavored a brighter future for the next generations.
Safeguarding the Well-Being of Children. The International Day of Innocent Children Victims of Aggression was set up by the United Nations to acknowledge the pain suffered by children throughout the world who are the victims of physical, mental and emotional abuse.
What if the Magic Lies in Making Others Feel Important?. We have a responsibility to each of our fellow human beings
G7. Fernando Morales-de la Cruz, Founder CAF\u00c9 FOR CHANGE, asks
Debunking Empty Arguments Against \Gay Rights\ at the UN. Ultimately, each country must approach LGBT issues in its own way and through its own structures. No single uniform approach is possible, or even to be desired.
The Significance of 50. Throughout my life there have been many numbers of significance. For instance 4 -- the number of children I have had the immense pleasure of being a father to; or the age when my daughter Alex first voiced her desire to host a lemonade stand to help doctors on their way to finding cures for all kids with cancer.
After Superstorm Sandy, a Community Cries Out for Its Hospital. Building a new hospital in Long Beach -- as FEMA intended when it allocated $154 million for that purpose --  will lead the country as a venue for new modalities of care for survivors of catastrophes.
ALS Awareness Month -- Beyond the Ice Bucket Challenge. May was the first ALS Awareness Month since the Ice Bucket Challenge. That silly, organic, viral campaign did more for ALS awareness than years of marketing by any organization could have ever done. Millions of people created videos last summer.
Land for Toilets. As we began making preparations for our next facility, my team and I decided that we would try to acquire government land. This would appease donors, and our bank account. More importantly, the process would require community participation.
Thousands Of Nepal Children Resume Learning At Makeshift Schools. 
Meet the Man Behind the \White Butterflies\ Flying Across the Globe. 
Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders Celebrate Asian Pacific American Heritage Month by Working to End Mass Incarceration. Together, we are working toward achieving a reformed criminal justice system that offers formerly imprisoned people an economic path forward and restores voting rights -- and we are already winning battles.
Agroecology Can Empower the World's People to Feed Themselves. The encouraging news is that progress is underway. Around the world, communities are developing effective solutions to global food challenges, experimenting with new farming methods, food marketing, and policies that enable people and societies to feed themselves. They are also working to overcome structural injustices that impede access to food.
Being Vocal for Mental Health. What does it mean to be \aware\ of mental health though? Of what should we be aware?
Most Wealthy Americans Say Giving Back Is 'Essential' To Them. 
Educators Are Concerned About Students Going Hungry This Summer. Here's Who's Helping. 
$60k in 23 Days. After a tough month of May, and a hard-fought finish in the 2015 Indianapolis 500, IndyCar driver Pippa Mann took a second checkered flag later that day when her #GetInvolved campaign completed\u200a--\u200awith a surprise result.
When We Celebrate Our Differences, We Make A Better World For All. Fifteen years from now, my daughter Sierra will be 29 years old. Born prematurely due to a virus, my girl has cerebral palsy, is nonverbal and spends the vast majority of her day in a wheelchair. She uses an iPad with a special app as her primary mode of communication. When she was 12 years old, the sweetest words I ever heard in my entire life were the digitized words, \I love you mommy.\
I Am an American Cupcake. I am a white, educated, middle class American and as full of fluff as the frosting on the cupcakes before me. I am failing at doing my part as a human being.
We Want to Know That We're Making a Real Contribution. That's Why We Pledged at Least 10% of Our Income. In our relationship, we tend to think and talk a lot about whether we are doing useful things with our lives. It's important to us to believe that we are, but it can sometimes be hard to know.
Showers and Toilet on Wheels Give Homeless a Clean Slate. Silas Borden has spent the last five years living on the streets of San Francisco. He's used to making the best with what he has, so when he stumbled upon a bus offering free showers and a toilet, he couldn't resist.
We Can Prevent And Treat Obstetric Fistula. Let's Do Both.. In honor of International Day to End Obstetric Fistula, we honor the brave women who struggle with the shame and burden of fistula, and we welcome partners from around the world to join us in helping to ensure their future is instead filled with hope and potential.
Behind the Smiles. Then June 1st will appear and we disappear from your consciousness. We go back to being the first or last story on the newscast. We become the story on your newsfeed you pass by. We fade back into the background.
Don't Put Power Lines Across the Historic James River. Despite the fact that it would destroy the public's enjoyment of a beautiful stretch of river, ruin the historic context of irreplaceable historic assets like Jamestown and Colonial Parkway, and mar a landscape that's been largely unchanged for thousands of years, Dominion Virginia Power still wants to construct high-voltage transmission lines across the James River.
A Man Soiled Himself in the Street -- and Came up with a Great Business Idea!. A.T. is practicing his big pitch on me. We're sitting at a small table on a kind of meeting stage at the Slush Conference in Tokyo. It is not just a place where futuristic and powerful-looking electric motorbikes are presented. People are also guiding little Styrofoam balls through the air in electrostatic fields.
10 Common Sense Commandments. We need to stop focusing on differences and, instead, start focusing on similarities. We are all people. It does not matter if we are brown, paste white, peach or any other color. We are all people.
Young People at the Centre of Sustainable Development Goals. In early February, the United Nations Economic and Social Council (UN ECOSOC) hosted the annual Youth Forum to discuss what it will take to transition from the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) to Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and youth involvement in the process.
A College Education Is Worth the World, Young Genocide Survivor's College Dream Comes True. This summer marks the two year anniversary of my work in Rwanda. I have met many incredible people during this journey, and know I will meet many more.
No Crocodile Tears. A piece of advice. Do not try too hard to outlive your teeth.
Promoting WASH Through Traditional Leaders And Technology. When we first started working in the WASH sector in Zambia, we were using mobile phones and cloud-based data aggregation to engage government workers. We worked through community volunteers and district environmental health technicians. Little did we know, we had only scratched the surface.
Taboos Around Periods Hurt Everyone. We have found that governments' failure to adequately inform women and girls about menstruation and enable menstrual hygiene management can compromise their rights to privacy, non-discrimination and equality, education, health, work and decent working conditions.
European Parliament Makes History on Conflict Minerals. Twenty-four years ago, I managed to flee to the United Kingdom from the Democratic Republic of Congo and was lucky enough to be granted political asylum. My journey was difficult, and made worse by not being able to contact my friends and family back home to know if they were safe.
The Earth League. Climate change will leave no aspect of our society and natural world untouched. As scientists, we feel the weight of responsibility on our shoulders to communicate our knowledge of the risks we face. This is a burden we cannot bear on our own.
How My Friends Would Want Me to Remember Them on Memorial Day. This Memorial Day, I encourage you to go to a cookout, shop a holiday sale, and attend a parade if there is one near you. Offer to go buy red plastic cups, contribute some money to a 12-pack of cheap beer, and enjoy every moment you get to hangout with your families. My friends would want you to remember them that way.
Remembering Sacrifice Through Service. Memorial Day provides us the opportunity to come together as one community -- both military and civilian -- in remembrance of the fallen and to honor their spirit.
Solving a Family Mystery 68 Years After a Death on D-Day. Our family's love for Joe continues. His story is woven into our story, and it was even before we knew his name.
Memorial Day 2015. It is in such a context that I see a connection between these proud and happy young men and women on their commencement day, joyously tossing their hats high into the sky, and those fallen heroes who we honor on their Memorial Day.
8 Photos For Remembering On Memorial Day. Memorial Day is upon us, the special day in the United States when we remember the people who died while serving in our country's armed forces. Here is a virtual tribute to those that made the ultimate sacrifice for the United States of America.
Memorial Day. Names on the wall...
Tears Tell Story of Syria's War Victims. What will end the hunger and suffering in Syria is a peace treaty. That miracle appears far off today. But, until we can find this elusive peace, we cannot forget the plight of the Syrian people.
MYHACK. 
Two Shoes and a Red Nose. May 21st, Thursday, is the Inaugural Red Nose Day here in the United States. What is Red Nose Day? Simply put, it's the perfect opportunity to get involved, have fun, and raise money to end poverty.
White Roof, Low Energy. Traditional roofing materials (like black tar), convert sunlight to heat -- dramatically raising the interior temperatures and increasing cooling costs. Coating a roof white reflects the sunlight, drastically reducing its temperature and that of the building's interior and surrounding environment.
Making Paid Leave Big Enough to Matter and Small Enough to Achieve. The spate of high-profile voices making the case for paid leave is generating awareness, but what will move people to action? In our work, which focuses on advancing women into leadership in the Jewish non-profit sector, we've discovered how to motivate leaders to adopt paid leave.
Unlocking the Potential of Regenerative Medicine. The future will almost certainly bring new and unexpected challenges. However, as we continue to add outstanding researchers and staff along with increasing support from the public and private sectors, I am determined to succeed in our mission, with the ultimate goal being to use iPS cell technology for patient care.
Hollywood Takes Action on Meaningful Employment for Vets. I'll let the PSA speak for itself. It serves as an example of the quality work product veterans produce on a daily basis in the civilian sector, whether for their companies or communities.
An Open Letter to Amal and George Clooney. This is an open letter (obviously as it is on the Huffington Post). I have to inform you Amal, for pure disclosure reasons, I too could have been George's wife. Alas, I am also Druze.
Volunteering Knows No Age Limit. I can tell that this is not just a one-off experience with volunteering for Mariah.  It is a way of life for her family.
Which Companies Match Gifts Most?. When companies match the donations that employees make to nonprofits, the result is a powerful employee engagement tool that supports nonprofits and employees alike.
Beware of Nonprofit Boards That Don't Ask Their Directors for Money. It's often a red flag when a nonprofit board does not expect its board members to \give/get\ a meaningful amount of money.
This Solar-Powered Kit Could Save Hundreds Of Thousands Of Mothers' And Newborns' Lives. 
The Importance of Trying. My time in Girl Scouts has not come without its challenges. As a young adult, I was diagnosed with Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome, an inherited connective tissue disorder. After 36 surgeries, I rely on a wheelchair -- but this has never stopped me.
Champions for Change. This is a special week in our series as all 24 Champions are currently convened in Lagos for our Champions Series II workshop, focusing on budgetary advocacy and planning.
Collateral Sorrow. In the grip of grief.  These are not my boys.  This is not my school, my story. Yet, once more, I am holding hurt -- my own, the hurt girls in my school feel, the hurt braided with fear that every parent feels when adolescent illusions of invincibility are dashed.
Saving a Life Is Easier Than You Think. It was that search for a match and the overwhelming outpouring of support I received that inspired me to establish the Gift of Life Bone Marrow Foundation.
Designing for a Human-Centered Community. I was recently blind for five minutes and felt as though my eyes had never been more open. I didn't have some freak accident or momentary medical issue; I was participating in a mini human-centered design challenge.
What Should You Look for in a Mentor?. As a veteran and entrepreneur, I've learned a thing or two about mentorship over the years. In fact, I would not be where I am today if it wasn't for a group of incredible mentors guiding me along the way.
See It to Be It. I am extremely proud to be a member of my fire department. The work challenges me physically, emotionally and cognitively. It is deeply satisfying. Shouldn't a career like this be open to any man or woman who wants to pursue it?
Start Me Up. For the uninitiated, Start Up Nation
Fountain House Symposium Takes On Schizophrenia. I'm interested in mental health issues, but I'm not a physician and have no medical training. That's why I look forward to the annual Fountain House Symposium and Luncheon, where cutting-edge information is presented by top-drawer experts in terms accessible to a lay audience.
The Toughest Audience I've Ever Pitched. Ever since that Friday two years ago, I now go out of my way to pitch my business to any kid willing to lend me an ear (preferably two). And why wouldn't I? Who would pass up a no-cost, high-yield brainstorm session with a true outside-the-box thinker?
10 Best Jobs For People Who Want To Make The World A Better Place. 
Abandoning Your Careful Plans Can Make Life Even Sweeter. What would happen if, rather than focusing all our energies on such sophisticated plans, we spent a little more time listening to our hearts?
Integrating Women's Health Care for Maternal Mental Health. A recent research study indicates that for women with the most severe symptoms, maternal depression and anxiety often begin during pregnancy not just after giving birth. Yet despite this staggering statistic, 70 to 80 percent of these women never receive treatment, because they are never properly identified and diagnosed.
Diabetes Doesn't Discriminate. 
Miami 'Poop Map' Uses Emojis To Make Case For Homeless Who Need Bathrooms. 
Charlotte Ronson. Paradigm Shifters is a series of interviews with a select group of women from eclectic walks of life. It will highlight real life insight on how women have been able to turn weakness into strength.
Banning Gender-Based Violence in Nigeria - A Major Step Forward. Last week, as word spread about girls kidnapped by Boko Haram last year returning to their communities having been raped and impregnated, the Nigerian Senate passed the Violence Against Persons Prohibition (VAPP) Bill, which seeks to prohibit multiple forms of gender-based violence including economic abuse, female genital mutilation, and depriving persons of their liberty among others.
Saving Your Child From Choking. It was only to be expected that he wouldn't stand by and watch, knowing him. He is not that type of person. He is simply unable to sit on his hands and do nothing.
Once Upon a Lyme. Lyme Disease has grown to epidemic proportions with more than 300,000 new cases annually in the U.S. alone.
Inside 'Tank Town' Could Lie a Solution to the Country's Worst Drought in Decades. The town of Dripping Springs, Texas, is not living up to its name. In the last six years Dripping Springs, along with most of Texas, has been experiencing its worst drought in decades. But inside Dripping Springs lies an oasis of water -- 250,000 gallons of it to be exact.
Growing Up Oprah. Every fiber of my being aches to be a part of positive change. Since the tender age of six or seven, I have been quietly carrying an unquenchable feeling that I was put on this earth to make an impact on a large scale. The cause? I am a part of Generation O.
Lessons From a Great Community Organizer. The death last month of Edward Chambers, one of the world's great community organizers, serves as a strong reminder of how the power of the grass-roots can be mobilized to make a huge difference in the lives of the neediest. He was a master of building groups that could last for the long haul, a skill not enough activists possess.
Skoll World Forum 2015 Opening. The sun was shining yesterday in Oxford, as the 12th Skoll World Forum kicked off its three-day convening of 1,000 delegates eager to accelerate entrepreneurial approaches and innovative solutions to the world's most pressing problems.
Cancer Is in the Eye of the Beholder. It's a commonplace saying that \beauty is in the eye of the beholder.\ This can  also apply to cancer. This sentiment is not one I would have understood (or even accepted) at the onset of my cancer experience, but over the years, I've grown to appreciate what surviving cancer has taught me.
Warrior Moms of Mental Health Advocacy. 
Last Day of Rise of the Rest. Tim Williamson, CEO of the Idea Village (an organization that has supported entrepreneurship in New Orleans for fifteen years), talked about how New Orleans has a community calendar of rhythms and rituals
Rise of the Rest Day 4. Today, Charleston delivered. Repeatedly, we have seen cities across the country with less-obvious entrepreneurial resources succeed build on their assets--rather than try and re-create what other people have.
Groups Working to Make the World Wide Web Live Up to Its Name. Living in an urban American city and enjoying Internet access from all of my devices, and my own personal wireless network at home, it's easy to take for granted how rare that kind of accessibility is on a global scale.
Houses Disappear Into \Puffs of Dust\. Crystal Wells in on the ground in Nepal as part of Concern Worldwide's emergency response team. She was in the isolated village of Bhirkot, preparing for an aid distribution, when the May 12 tremor struck.
Rise of the Rest Day 3. Steve Case opened the day with a breakfast conversation with Governor Pat McCrory pointing out the great history of North Carolina, and the role the state played in the founding of the country.
TV's New Fairy Godmother. Most people have heard about the incredible good being done on daytime television by personalities like Ellen DeGeneres, but there's another fairy godmother bestowing money and publicity unto those doing good things in the world.
Renewables Driving the Energy Transformation. Facing growing global crises, such as the devastating impacts of climate change, the degradation of our natural environment and failing financial systems, it is hard to deny that our old human story has failed us.
The Good Drug. It's high time we got practical and selfish about volunteering the way we have about every other aspect of our selfie-obsessed existence.
Looking to the Future. Today, Chicago is facing a budget deficit that is going to lead to a lot of tough decisions; we all know too well that it is the poorest and youngest citizens who are most at risk. Our schools don't have the option to stand idly by as families across the city are struggling for access to quality education.
Becky Straw On Realizing Purpose. I hope after reading these stories you will look at your own situations, struggles and accomplishments through a different lens and, at the very least, be better equipped to change your own paradigm.
After Ebola. After a period of intense national suffering, Liberia has just been declared Ebola-free by the World Health Organization. In addition to thanking the dedicated health care workers in her country, President Sirleaf acknowledged the key role civil society played in helping to turn the tide.
Why Business School Rankings Have the Wrong Metrics of Success. If business schools are designed to shape the future by educating our future global business leaders, then the measurement of success should be on how well those business leaders are doing at shaping the world. But that is not what we are measuring.
Justice For Malala Yousafzai. While any justice is a step forward in this case, many questions have been raised due to the information -- or lack thereof -- surrounding the trial. The results of the trial were only revealed when court records were leaked to reporters in Pakistan, and no real information exists regarding what occurred with this trial.
The Plight of Children in Armed Conflict. It was an ordinary Tuesday for most of us in the world, but for the children of Central African Republic (CAR), the decision taken on this day will have a significant impact on the direction that their lives take in the future. Or simply put, it will mean that they actually have a future.
We Need to Support Women In Nepal More Than Ever. Besides shelter, access to basic hygiene and healthcare is extremely limited, and hospitals are overwhelmed. This presents unique challenges for women and girls -- a fact too often overlooked in relief efforts.
How Couple's Passion for Good Food Fueled Mission to Fight Food Insecurity. They wanted to tackle hunger -- their own as well as the world's children. And with their home-made snack bar, they are making progress on their missions -- both around the world and in their own backyard.
British Teen in Own Wild! Pacific Crest Trail Walk for Mountain Gorillas. Kyran Young, a British teen, is walking the full 2663 mile Pacific Crest Trail to raise money and awareness for the last remaining 900 Mountain Gorillas in Eastern Africa. It will take four months.
197,000 Fans View 'Bad Boy' Nick Kyrgios's #VolleyingChallenge - He Nominates Andy Murray & Serena Williams to \Go to the Wall Against Cancer\. New 20-year-old Aussie tennis sensation Nick Kyrgios has come perilously close to being defaulted for language and/or racquet and ball abuse at the US Open, the Australian Open, where John McEnroe was famously defaulted in 1990, and the Estoril Open in Portugal.
Big Heart? Small Wallet? A Thrifty Guide to Giving. My mother (known in her hometown of Chattanooga as \The Purple Lady\) lives by what she calls her \Purple Rules
Behind Every Amazing Thing We Do There Is An Amazing Mom. When you become a mother, you want to make the world a better place. Our biggest job as mothers is to teach our children by example, by how we live and what we do. I want to teach my children to always come from a place of love.
The Cost of Not Investing in After-School Programs for Homeless Students. Homeless students are already facing a disadvantage of being a year and a half behind the rest of their classmates just by nature of changing addresses. To say that the odds are stacked against them is at best an understatement.
Mother of Exiles. The inscription is a bright, promising doorway to America for anyone in need of shelter. And yet, when I leave my front door each morning, I'm reminded that more than one and a half million people will be homeless this year in the U.S.
The Art of Being Alive Series. 
How Lessons From Haiti And Miracles In Nepal Show Us What Is Possible. Amidst the destruction and aftermath of the recent earthquake in Nepal, daily miracles and moments of compassion illustrate what is possible when humanity bands together -- babies pulled alive from rubble, mothers sheltering hours-old newborns and citizens rushing in from around the world to provide relief to massive suffering.
This Mother's Day, Let's Commit To Saving 3.3 Million Moms. 
Mothers, Precious and Misunderstood. How lucky are we who live and intimately associate with our kids, while so many mothers have lost their children -- or never had them at all -- for whatever crazy reasons in an irrational, chaotic, and unjust world?
A New Type of Mother's Day Gift. What is it that we are trying to convey on each Mother's Day, if nothing but the celebration of the life?  And what better way to celebrate the lives of these women, who have given us the width of the sky, more meaningfully than the gift of good health?
A Promise to the Missing Moms. When world leaders meet in September at the United Nations General Assembly in New York to enshrine the new post-2015 development agenda, we need to generate the political will to drastically drive down and end avoidable maternal deaths in our lifetime.
Nepal Needs More Than Tarps for Reconstruction. Kishor Pradhan is a development anthropologist and a communications worker in Nepal. Dibya Gurung is a conservationist and gender and social inclusion expert who trains rural men and women for leadership roles. I did a joint interview with the couple via email.
A Mother's Day Wish. My opponent described her volunteer work at a local school and how angry she was at the mothers who didn't come to pick up their kids when the school called to say they were sick. \I'm angry, too,\ I said. \But why are you angry at the moms and not at the boss who would fire them or dock their pay if they answered that call?\
Cheryl Strayed Pays Tribute to Her Mother by Fighting Lung Cancer. Of the many things that have touched me about the response to my memoir Wild, the fact that so many people who've had and survived lung cancer or loved someone who died of the disease see themselves in my story is among the most meaningful.
68 Hours in Haiti, Part 5. We pulled on to the dirt lane. You couldn't see the entrance to the school from the sea of little people. The line of children was easily two hundred deep. They were here for shoes.
A Lifeline for Pregnant Women and New Moms. The idyllic picture of a smiling nurturing mother, caressing her growing belly or loving her cooing adoring newborn, is not the reality for many women during pregnancy or the time following a birth.
Aviva Drescher. Somewhere between the piercing bright lights, the hum of the cameras, and the editing room floor lies only bits of truth, you just need to know what to look for.
5 Steps to Making Women a Priority in the Next National HIV/AIDS Strategy. Advocates for women have pointed out the error of the first NHAS in not addressing the urgency of the HIV epidemic for Black women, among whom HIV rates are far higher than any other group of women.
Finding a Soulmate on the New Madrid Fault. I met a great lady last week. The Grandest of Grande Dames. Her name is Dorothy Cramer, \Cramer with a C,\ if you please. Dorothy is the docent at the New Madrid Historical Museum, but to me she is much more than that.
The Solution Must Come From All of Us. Mayors and their governments undoubtedly have a role to play in fostering the well-being and prosperity of their cities. The sheer amount of resources they have at their disposal gives them immense power to move their metropolises in the right directions.
Champions for Change. Champions for Change (C4C) is pleased to continue our 'Meet the Champions' Series. This bi-monthly blog series highlights the work of 24 Nigerian leaders currently participating as C4C champions.
Instead Of Kicking The Homeless Out, These Security Guards Offer Them Shelter. 
Help These Women Save Nepal. When it comes to athletic achievement, the Seven Summits Women Team from Nepal is second to none. This elite group of female mountain climbers have scaled the highest peaks in the world, including Everest.
Support Is Growing for Pregnant Workers Fairness Act. A growing group of organizations is joining Hadley-based MotherWoman in the push to protect pregnant women from workplace discrimination by passing the Massachusetts Pregnant Workers Fairness Act.
This Organization Helps Kenyans Accelerate their Careers. 
Support Your Local Superhero. This week, we celebrate another kind of superhero. What these superheroes lack in flash, boom and bang, they make up for in commitment, caring and competence. These are our nation's nurses
Stop the Madness. Regardless of how you may feel about some of the recent issues we face, please don't let them tear us apart as people.  We have to put our humanity first because we are all in this together.
First Things First. 
'Today I Am Healed. Tomorrow I Return to Heal Another.'. When the world was afraid, we came to Liberia to offer help, healing and hope. When our neighbors needed us the most, we opened our hearts and extended our hands in service. This is not just about Ebola. It's about the next epidemic and the one after that.
Here's Who's Helping Hundreds Of Pregnant, Rescued Boko Haram Kidnapping Victims. 
Is Armenia Close to Ending AIDS?. I was in Armenia very recently to learn about the country's response to its epidemic and came away undoubtedly pleased with progress on a number of fronts but concerned on others.
On the Pursuit of Happiness. Life is ephemeral. Liberty is fickle. And without the first two, all the wealth in the world does not amount to much. But happiness is not dictated by external circumstances; it is guided by inner purpose. It is not luck; it is a choice.
So You Want to be a \Radical\ Philanthropist?. Among other research and policy initiatives aimed reducing the maximum volume of suffering for the minimum philanthropic investment, GiveWell is sending mosquito nets to Africa, hoping to save children from malaria.
7+ Ways to Respond to Disasters Today. One thing is for sure, we can't ignore the disasters around us in a social media connected world. In fact, we wouldn't want to. How will you help the disasters? Every prayer, dollar, and conversation matters. So, to you, for everything you do
The Facebook Revolution in Egypt Continues. Instead of sharing cat photos, Egyptians use the social network for new models of society, fundraising and progressive campaigns.
How Online Tools Can Be Used for HIV Education. In the long run, Choma wants to contribute to an HIV-free generation. That might sound like an ambitious goal, but it's not impossible.
Baltimore's Untold Story. In the past few days, the world was bombarded with images of enraged Baltimore youth. But Baltimore doesn't need any more judgment or negative reactions. It needs kindness with action. It needs understanding and compassion with action. It needs to be heard and listened and its needs acted upon, with restoration and healing.
How Old Do I Look? If I Am Homeless.... Living on the streets for years at a time can rapidly increase one's age, turning any young adult into middle-aged or elderly. And, Jennifer is no exception. Most of those elderly-looking people on the streets are, in reality, decades younger.
Death of Honor. Besides celebrating our military with these special days in May, we must all do more than just wave the American flag or take the day off and watch the parade. We have to help and embrace our veterans so the transition from military life to civilian life is not as painful.
This Isn't Just a Skateboard. When I started One Simple Wish in 2008 a few people told me they probably wouldn't ever grant a wish because they didn't think giving kids \stuff\ was really going to make much of a difference in their lives.
Nepal. Six months ago many in the humanitarian system wondered if it was the worst it has ever been, with crises in Syria, South Sudan, and the Central Africa Republic. Then came Ebola. And Yemen.
Let's Start At The Beginning. Of the 3 million babies the world loses every year in their first month of life, 99 percent are in the developing world, meaning this is simply an issue of poverty and lack of resources. The weeks following birth are an incredibly vulnerable time, but astoundingly 2 million newborns could be saved with a few low-cost measures.
Frank Perdue. These are the words of one of the food industry's most famous entrepreneurs -- Frank Perdue. With his father, he built a business that turned a commodity into a highly sought-after brand.
Homeless Teen Found, Returned $500 And The Internet Is Paying Him Back In The Best Way. 
How The Internet of Everything Is Helping 'Unbanked' Citizens Around the World. Fortunately, with some low-income countries quickly adopting mobile phone use, financial services such as mobile payments and money transfers are becoming accessible for communities that would otherwise be precluded from banking privileges.
This Foundation Is Using Meditation To Bring Baltimore Together Amid Riots. 
What I Learned Volunteering With the Nonprofit No Barriers. The end result is something I'm proud to have been a part of, an experience that's impacted my life in a positive way. I'm glad I overcame my own obstacles to take part in the planning, and I can't wait to savor the exciting culmination of our work.
Patricia Arquette. It's time to \bring the nag back.\ It is time we start nagging and don't stop nagging until we get laws changed and we get equality for women once and for all!
We Must Tackle the Financial Barriers to U.S. Citizenship. One in five immigrants points to the costs associated with the process as the main reason they cannot finish becoming a citizen. For millions of legal immigrants, the financial costs to finish the citizenship process are just too prohibitive.
How This Inner-City Baltimore Principal Is 'Tearing Down Barriers' Between Students And Police. 
Take the Racial Justice Pledge. One valuable action is to contribute to community organizations working to address the inequities and outrages of the criminal justice system, as well as economic inequality, racial health disparities and structural barriers to building political power for people of color. At this moment, more than ever, if you believe that #BlackLivesMatter, you should support a stronger movement for racial justice.
Hear Their Voices. In Congo, a country where women have been deliberately silenced, where they have little or no land rights, where education is not an expectation and it is reported that 2.5 million girls are out of school, these women are speaking up.
Utah Has So Few Chronically Homeless People Now, It Knows Each One By Name. 
Saving Lives by Dinnertime. Our two daughters, Jessie and Abby, get vaccines. Not only do they receive their shots on schedule, but they've grown to understand why we've chosen to dedicate our careers to expanding access to immunization -- and they now know why we have to travel long distances, sometimes for extended periods of time, to help ensure that kids get the vaccines they need.
Teens With Autism Stretch, Grow And Laugh In Improv Classes At Second City. 
How To Help Pregnant Women Affected By Nepal Earthquake. 
Grateful for Gen Z. We all know more than enough about Millennials - who they are, how they consume media, what they want from brands, and other assorted minutiae from the foods they eat to the slang they use.
Life After Losing a Child. I enjoy most everyday. I don't get overly concerned with the petty stuff nor do I get tripped up by the negativity in the world. It all has little meaning to me. I only look for good. Its all I have room for. But this is my life, a life without one of my children.
Beware the Scare Tactics. \Stand up to osteoporosis. Before you can't.\ I'm here to tell you that I'm sitting down, but I'm still on board with the prevention of osteoporosis. These two concepts are not mutually exclusive.
Small Steps for Caregivers Can Yield Great Strides in Alzheimer's Care. Almost every week, or every month, we hear the latest news about possible breakthroughs created by pioneering medical research into the causes and possible treatments of Alzheimer's disease.
Who Will Tell Our Stories?. Every man, woman and child has a story. For some it is found in the most unlikely of places, during one of the most horrific of times, where actions of a few meant life versus death. Mine is a story of survival
Jyothi Rao. 
Peace is the Language of my War. I always tell people that a woman in a developing country is like a circus elephant. What we see in the circus is how the mighty enormous elephant is leashed in a weak chain without knowing about his power of crumbling the chain effortlessly.
What I Learned About Leadership From Addiction Recovery. The recent loss of an important early mentor has focused that reflection on something unexpected -- how much my recovery from addiction shaped my approach to leadership and social change.
Invest in the Future, Defeat Malaria. \What is clear is that malaria countries and communities have gained much from the last 15 years of collective efforts and we must continue to prioritize their needs, and ensure we do not derail progress and allow malaria to resurge while we rethink our architecture.\
It's Not Far and Einstein. Tanzanians are habitually late for meetings and appointments. Mainly this is because the transportation infrastructure is so limited, it is tough to get around. The other reason is that Tanzania survives through relationships that focus on regular communication.
The Power of YES. In Greek \ne\ means \yes.\ You'd think it would mean \no\ because it sounds so close to the English word. But \no\ in Greece is \ochi.\ Which, considering it's pronounced like a guttural \okay,\ you'd think would mean \yes.\
How Bruce Jenner's Story Allowed Me to Finally See My Own. After seeing Bruce Jenner's outstanding interview last night with Diane Sawyer, I felt so tightly locked on to some of the things he said that I couldn't shake the feeling of pure truth in his words. I related to that truth in my own life's experience.
Nepal Earthquake. The plight of the Nepalese may slip to the back of your mind and then maybe just become an afterthought before being forgotten altogether. While there is a lot going on in the world, don't forget about Nepal.
Facebook Is Matching Every Dollar Donated To Nepal Earthquake Relief Through Its Site. 
The Cost of Gender Inequality. Gender inequality, sexual objectification and sexist attitudes need to be a relic of the past. A persons worth, to any extent or dimension, should not be determined by their physical being.
Kids Must Be Our Nation's Top Priority. As we all know, kids don't sit in corporate boardrooms and don't have the votes or economic power to make their voices heard. Yet, their success in life is absolutely essential to our nation's future. And when we stand up for all kids, we stand up for the best interests of our own kids
Devastating Earthquake in Nepal. I remember looking at the thousands of flimsy shacks and hovels lining Kathmandu's dusty slums and the sturdier, but still precarious, multi-tiered family homes, and the cheaply-built apartment blocks and ornate temples that collectively give the city its colorful distinctive appearance. We all understood and feared what a big earthquake would surely do there.
Tomorrow's Leaders Today. One Young World is the preeminent global forum for leaders aged 18-30. The not-for-profit organization hosts an annual Summit with 1,300 delegates from all 196 countries; drawn from businesses, universities, NGOs and other forward thinking organizations.
Close the Immunization  Gap! Get Vaccinated. Until the second half of the 20th century, the only way a child could become immune to infectious diseases like whooping cough or measles was to actually get the disease and survive it. Too often, however, infection led to tragic, premature death.
1,200 Kids Die From Malaria A Day. Low-Cost Preventative Treatments Could Change That. 
Completing the Circle. In 2006, I founded goods for good with the committed to giving all children the chance to thrive. Since then, goods for good has helped nearly 80,000 vulnerable children in Malawi get the care they need.
An Investment in Success. In the summer of 2013, Dr. Ganesh Dangal boarded a plane from his home in Kathmandu, Nepal, to Addis Ababa, the capital of Ethiopia. It was a trip that would set his professional life on a new and exciting path.
A New Future For Fashion. Fashion today is the most labor-dependent industry on earth, employing an estimated one out of every six people alive. Thanks to the mass outsourcing of labor to developing countries, the price for the clothing we buy has markedly dropped.
The Triumphs and Tribulations of Impact Investing. Both the triumphs and the growing pains of \impact investing\ were on display in Oxford, England last week. Impact investing goes beyond the passive tactic of limiting investments to, say, companies that are green or that don't produce guns.
Obesity Swept the Nation and Now Healthy Schools are Taking it Back... With Your Help. There are many incredible and life-changing improvements around health taking place in schools across the country right now, led by everyday heroes who deserve and need our support.
From Farm to Patient. The words \hospital food\ usually inspire thoughts of rubbery jello and syrupy fruit cups. But the St. Luke's University Health Network in Easton, Pa. is doing its best to change that. In the fall of 2013, it teamed up with the Rodale Institute.
Jerry's Gift. The arts cast a peculiar spell. Relationships are forged and avenues are explored that likely would have never been considered. For some time, Jerry was simply a character, a fun-loving fan of The Greatest Show On Earth whose presence and kindness was much appreciated.
Cure Cancer. Cure Education.. Danny Colllins blended three core aspects of my life -- cancer, education and music -- to the point that one simple word kept repeating in my mind as I left the theater
11-Year-Old Running Half Marathon to Save the Wolves. By the time August rolls around he'll start adding some progressively longer runs each weekend to build up his endurance. He's hoping to run like a wolf tracking its prey over long distances
How to Change the World... and Make a Profit. Calling all aspiring founders of social-impact organizations
Can Smart Development and the Rule of Law Help Curb Crime?. Efforts to strengthen the rule of law pay off in ways that few other forms of development aid can. But success does not happen overnight. Legal reform, institution-building and greater levels of access to justice are initiatives that take time, financing and political will.
Fighting the Notion That NGOs Are Anti-Business, Anti-Profit, Anti-Growth. In the United States, a key challenge has been that legislation has often made it virtually impossible for companies to do the right thing. So an early task has been to change the laws determining what companies can -- and cannot -- do.
How to Celebrate Earth Day and Change the World. 
Nun In Uganda Has Educated 2,000 Girls Victimized By Joseph Kony. 
Child Abusers Shouldn't Be Able to Run Out the Clock. Kathy's counselor helped her realize that the trauma of her childhood sexual abuse had resurfaced because she was now bringing her own child into the world. With therapy, Kathy was able to come to terms with the abuse and finally begin to heal.
Fighting Alzheimer's. The looming Alzheimer's crisis is too big a challenge for government, the public or the private sector to handle alone. But we need someone to lead the charge.
Caution. Reports of the Bank violating its own safeguards on resettlement policies and forcing over 3.4 million people from their homes and property over the past decade were a public relations nightmare for the Bank. And that was before Friday morning's demonstration.
The New Attitude in Gratitude. Many individuals seek volunteer opportunities for new reasons -- to expand their professional network, hone their skills and explore new opportunities. All in addition to making the world a better place.
Changing the World, With Drones and Sanitary Pads. Another is trying to rock the world of young African women by the simple act of providing them with locally made sanitary pads so they don't miss work and school.
An Unlikely Outcome From War. The National Veterans Foundation sponsored the first guide, published in 19\u00ad\u00ad89.  The new updated guide, published by the Veterans Defense Project in 2014, also had backing from the NVF.
Infographic. Over a year has passed since the Ebola outbreak in West Africa began. In that narrow window of time, the disease has claimed more than 10,000 lives, stalled economic growth, and hampered -- if not reversed -- gains the region had made in strengthening public health infrastructure and service delivery.
3 Ways Broadband Internet Is Improving Health Care And Education. 
The Fundamental Question About Water. WASH continues to be one of the most practical ways we can fulfill our commitment to the world's children. If everyone had access to safe drinking water, a staggering 90 percent of diarrhea deaths could be prevented.
How Everyone With a Smartphone Can Feed a Hungry Child. Technology has developed unique and even easy ways to help people a world away. One of them is the free app Charity Miles.
WATCH LIVE. 
It's a Wonderful Life. Wouldn't it be great, especially in the privileged position you're in, to make a point of spending the rest of your life purposefully and positively impacting as many people as possible?
Rural Housewives In Developing Countries Called On To Help Bring Clean Water To Communities. 
Can Money Create True Wealth?. Imagine someone handed you $100 out of the blue, but with one condition, that you use it to create goodness in the world with it. Would you take the money? Yesterday morning, that's exactly what we did.
A New Generation Will Educate the World. Welcome back, spring! Watching last year's old and tired become this year's new and fresh is always invigorating for me. It's encouraging to see new flowers push up through the dirt, determined to succeed and grow.
The Pentagon, Misogyny, and Cyber Bullying. Our military depends on you just like you depend on our military; it is after all, your military. For all the faults I just listed, I still believe we have a military and veteran community, including their families, we should be proud of... let's keep it that way, by reducing, if not eliminating cyber bullying.
A New Strategic Framework. 
Not Even Her Parents Burning Her Textbooks Could Keep Woman From Becoming A Teacher. 
40 Years After the Cambodian Genocide, One Thing My Parents Still Talk About. April 17th, 2015 marks 40 years since the Khmer Rouge took Phnom Penh and unleashed a wrath of vengeance against its own people. The genocide war in Cambodia left almost 2 million people dead from execution, starvation and disease.
How To Educate The Next Generation Of Googlers. For a country famously lagging in math and science, how did we produce students like these -- and how can we produce more of them?
Malala To Abducted Nigerian Girls. 
Play Everywhere. The well-being of society begins with the well-being of kids. That is why we've made it our bold goal at KaBOOM! to help give all kids the childhood they deserve, filled with balanced and active play, so they can thrive.
My Journey. I guess my own journey from the dark side began when I left the City. I loved being a research analyst but once I drifted up into senior management (eventually as Head of Equities in Europe for Lehman Brothers), I became part of the world that I didn't find especially comfortable.
Living on Food Stamps is Impossible. This country does not need another celebrity to tell us how life is for \these people.\ These people are all around us and they are hungry. We need to have some compassion, stop hating the poor and try to understand them.
Why It Is Important To Help Children In Need. There is a child right now trying to figure how he will eat and how he will feed his younger siblings. Right now, there is a child trying to figure out how to hide herself and her siblings in the bush away from those who will do them harm.
Why I Write. I found myself replaying that moment in my mind
Sport for Development and Peace 365. We need to publicly value and promote sport for development and peace organizations serving youth and adults around the world. We need to continue to create acceptance and awareness for sport as a vehicle and catalyst for social change.
Yes, Men Are Still Harassing People On The Street. No, It's Still Not Okay.. Efforts like Stop Street Harassment's (SSH) annual International Anti-Street Harassment Week, which is happening now, are so important. While street harassment itself is a very public, visible act, the week-long campaign is a sustained moment to make visible the message that it's not okay.
Women's Health Is Everyone's Health. When former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton spoke the famous words \women's rights are human rights,\ it was more than just great rhetoric
Looking for Heroes. It's an incredible sight to see all of those people lining the streets for miles, with seemingly no square foot of concrete left uncovered. As I look around I will also see hundreds of runners wearing a \St. Jude Hero\ singlet just like mine.
Food for Thought. 
If You're Black, This City's Status as Liberal Bastion Is Just a Myth. Despite making up only 10% of Madison, Wisconsin's population ages 12-17, Black youth make up 60% of the detention-facility population; black youth are six times more likely to be arrested than white youth, compared to a 2:1 national ratio. The point here is that Madison isn't some national outlier regarding these statistics, but proof that even the most \progressive\ of places are not immune from a criminal-justice system that is archaic, ineffective, and most of all, unjust. It prioritizes retribution over redemption, punishes poverty, and bars too many from reaching future success.
The Basics of Maternal Health. For women in the world's most economically deprived countries, collecting water is a key part of preparing to give birth -- if they are lucky enough to have a source of water that they can use.
Returning to Prison, But This Time To Help. When I walked inside the prison, everything about serving time came rushing back to me. The sound of gates crashing closed, officers barking orders and the painful laughter and jokes of incarcerated men, all reminded me of the years I spent inside. It reminded me of my darkest days, and how deeply I desired to have a second chance to prove that I could be an asset to society. It reminded me of the lonely days pacing my cell, dreaming of the day I could work a regular job, be a father and enjoy the small creature comforts that we so often take for granted.
Brushes With Cancer. Jenna Benn Shersher is an unstoppable force of nature. In 2010, she was just 29 when she was diagnosed with a rare cancer- grey zone lymphoma. During medical treatment, Benn Shersher was determined not to throw herself a pity party and instead threw herself a dance party of sorts.
Ikea's Mobile, Easy-To-Assemble Shelters Will Bring Safety, Comfort To Thousands Of Refugees. 
A Syrian Mother's Strength In Times Of War. In 2012, my children and I awoke to the sound of heavy clashes erupting outside of our home in Qudsaya, Syria. We could hear the sound of bullets and gunfire dangerously close to us. I was scared and on the verge of tears, but I refused to let my children see me cry.
Rural Women Access Early Cancer Screening in Turkey. In Turkey, breast cancer is the most widespread cancer among women and early diagnosis is essential to prevent death. Breast cancer is ranked the 8th most common causes of death in the country and the Ministry of Health estimates that there are 30,000 new cases each year.
Black Friday Destroys Village Livelihoods in Vanuatu. On Efate, many of the market structures themselves have been badly damaged or destroyed, and the villages have lost almost all of their crops.
STRESS IS A DANGEROUS DISEASE. 
Background Checks... Don't Be So Sure. Whatever we can do to prevent child abusers from abusing children in organized sports, I'm all for. Throughout the last several years, the phrase \background checks\ has been floating around as if it's a panacea for making sure youth sports leagues are doing the right thing.
What if it All Came Together?. Technology is not only disrupting education, but also reshaping the future of work. We're witnessing a rise of independent skilled workers that are seeking more flexible, freelance and collaborative work opportunities.
World Health Day 2015. Creating more sustained awareness is one of the keys to better public health. Diarrhea is the second leading cause of death in children aged under five years and much of this is preventable. This is one reason why World Health Day this year is focused on food safety.
The Office of Child Abuse Prevention. While the commission quickly became a catch-all for everything child welfare, its true purpose was to do a better job of identifying which children were at highest risk of abuse, and find ways to better protect those that were.
Celebration and Destruction. The peaceful transition to a new administration not only ensured the stability and growth of Nigeria's democratic system, but sets a shining example for the rest of the world. Nigerians should be very proud.
Dylan, Autism and the Butterfly Effect. Is it unreasonable to imagine that a child or children in one part of the world may be helped, simply because one person in another part of the world decided to run a few miles?
How We're Solving Youth 'Apathy'. While we recognize that this is a complex issue and it's going to take a lot of work to empower youth across the country to be active and participating in our government system, we believe that by giving young people the opportunity to create change on the local level, they will feel more invested in their community and that will translate to how they participate in the political process on every scale.
Forget the Politics. Is It Correct?. 
Taking Control of the Transition. Although the employment situation for veterans has improved since I left the military, the most recent report from the Bureau of Labor Statistics tells me we still have work to do. Every man and woman who has honorably worn the uniform of this country has the ability to make our nation stronger.  I know because they already have.
Insurance Policy for the Future. As the need for new, innovative energy solutions has become more pressing, a rallying cry has been sounded among our youth to disrupt the stagnant energy landscape and produce fresh solutions.
The Greatest Love Story Ever Told. Workers across low-wage industries have chosen to stand together to call for better working conditions, benefits and a living wage, the faith community is called to follow their courageous example.
He Wrote a Bad Check to Rescue a Plane Full of Orphans. What Happened Next Is Amazing. The opportunity to make a difference is open to each of us nearly every day -- we just have to honor the impulse and act.
Clean Water. Taking a shower, boiling some vegetables or just getting a glass of water is as easy as turning on a faucet. But taking care of life's most basic necessities isn't so straightforward for so many around the world.
This Co-Ed Coding Class For Teens In Ghana Is Breaking Down Gender Stereotypes. 
Migrants Must Be Saved, Not Counted. Easter tells us of mankind's triumph over injustice; Passover of mankind's liberation from dictatorship. Both holidays should remind everyone today living in peace and security of the terrible price millions elsewhere are paying to achieve the freedom to live in dignity.
What March Madness Teaches Us About Engaging our Students. March Madness is in full swing, and millions of college students have conducted more intense research in completing their brackets than they likely will be willing to do in completing their courses, and they will be glued to their mobile devices for the latest live updates.
The Role of Technology for Safety in Education. Technology is not the only solution, but it must be part of the solution. If technology can do what we believe it can with learning, it will allow children in conflict zones and refugee camps to safely begin or continue their education.
The Power Of Video To Create Impact. Let your nonprofit be known, let all the important work and social good you do, be told and let millions of others be part of it by investing in the power of video.
Can Hope Be Taught? New Curriculum Aims to Prevent Youth Suicide. With the rise of bullying over the past several years, young people are having to grow up in an increasingly difficult world -- one full of discouragement and pain.
Young Man Bares All (Colostomy Bag Included) for Colon Cancer Awareness. In December of 2014, I went into the hospital for my final surgery. When I woke up, my colostomy bag was gone, and I was on the road to recovery. It's funny -- the little things. The little things sometimes teach us the biggest lessons in life.
Arrested But Innocent? The Internet Still Thinks You're Guilty. The Internet is failing 77 million Americans with a criminal record. If you are one of those Americans, you may have been arrested, but never charged with a crime, prosecuted, or found guilty. Still, your name appears in a criminal database potentially costing you a job, housing, or government services. This scarlet letter disproportionately plagues minority communities.
Spark of Life and Crossroads by Susie Spain. Aristotle, a world renowned philosopher and scientist once said that \Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all.\ This blog today is all about just that, education.
A Grim Anniversary for Liberia. Anniversaries.  We use them to commemorate the best of times and the worst of times. In Liberia, this is a grim anniversary -- one year of fighting Ebola. As I look back on my past year, I think of where we all were in the beginning of April, 2014, and I think of where we need go.
Palestinian Refugees. Palestinian refugees need employment more than handouts. Calling for support, not only through donations, but through livelihood, is crucial. Only a sustainable aid model will empower those with no rights.
Wichita East's Scarlet Letter. When I read that Wichita East High School student Michael Kelley was told he couldn't wear a letterman jacket his mother made him, because he wasn't technically on varsity--let's just say I'm glad I wasn't on the school committee who heard from the parent who voiced their concerns over an autistic and Down syndrome student wearing a varsity letter.
Everyday Abolition. Practicing restorative justice begins in our everyday lives. In an everyday setting jumping to punitive measures raises questions like the following. What do you do when your neighbor/friend is verbally having a loud disagreement with her teenager?
Why I Participated in Bizwomen Mentoring Monday. I can't remember exactly when it started, but at some point this last year, I started receiving emails from complete strangers who hoped that somehow a few moments of my time might help them with the next step towards their own dreams and goals.
American Muslims and Philanthropy. I sat down with three extraordinary women leaders in the American Muslim community to discuss identity, charitable giving and civic engagement. I was seeking to better understand the needs of a community I knew little about.
Little Sparks. Two years ago The Pollination Project started a daily giving practice, making daily $1000 grants to social change visionaries around the world. This summer we will make our 1000th grant! Here are the extraordinary people we supported with seed funding this week.
The State of Masculinity in America and the One Film Every Man Must See. 
Let Us Not Celebrate a Fifth Anniversary of the Syrian Conflict. We prayed and dreamed that this would be the beginning of the end of the horror; that 2015 would put the past four years behind us and bring the long-awaited end to the blood on our hands - the lost fathers, the grieving mothers, the broken children, the destroyed cities and the squandered aspirations.
Slavery Survivors Highlight 2015 Broward College - Free the Slaves - ATEST-  Trafficking Conference. A slavery survivor from Haiti shared a grizzly account of her childhood in restav\u00e8k domestic servitude.
Sentenced to Life in Prison, This Man Now Has Great SF Tech Job. Every day, men and women are released from prisons and jails across the U.S. after taking this same journey. Most incarcerated settings do not provide programs that teach relevant job skills for reentry to society. As a result, recidivism -- the rate at which people return to incarceration -- is enormous. Society blames these individuals for their failure. Had I not been fortunate enough to be a founding member of a program called The Last Mile, I too could have ended up back in prison.
Why I Support Music Education. As budgets have been slashed and the arts have been devalued, music education has been evicted.  It has been left to organizations to fill the void, so that students who might otherwise go without music education have the access and opportunity they deserve.
Half as Much Is Sometimes Twice as Good. Being taught respect, honor and working hard in the fields at a young age, were perhaps some of the best times of our lives, because we learned what integrity, and keeping your word meant.
Take Back April Fools' Day!. In our ever-thinner-skinned, Stand-Your-Ground public sphere, with our eyes plastered to self-flattering partisan news sites, we may all stand to benefit from some good-natured trickery. It could teach us hands-on lessons in civility.
Liberia's Safe Sex Campaign Aims To Stem Ebola Setback. 
Rest for the King, No Rest for Native Americans. The silence of scientists on Richard III's reburial is deafening. It stands in stark contrast to how so many regard the reburial of Native American human remains in museums.
U.S. Leadership on Global Food and Nutrition Security. By sharing U.S. expertise in agriculture development and developing legislation to codify the government's flagship initiative Feed the Future into law, families and farmers worldwide can set the foundation to build more independent, prosperous lives.
Heroes and Hope Amid Despair at Zaatari Refugee Camp. A Syrian refugee who lost nearly everything and has lived in this desolate camp for almost three years, Mohammed al Krad offered an unexpected message of resiliency.
Taking A Stand Against Racism. The YWCA -- with more than 200 local associations in 47 states -- invites Mr. Schultz, Starbucks and everyone to participate in our annual Stand Against Racism campaign, beginning with a National Day of Action on April 23.
Indian Women Take Down Their Country's Rape Culture In 3-Minute Rap. 
I Was Attacked On Easter Sunday. This was just one of the countless stories read by women, about women, who would not be alive if not for the support of Donor Direct Action (DDA), an organization which has been providing decades-long support for women.
Non-Profits and Social Media. What's better than you telling your own story? Other people (correctly) telling your story. This is why you should consider taking your social media strategy offline.
This Father And Daughter Have Helped Hundreds Of Sex Trade Survivors Find Jobs. 
Yoga. This is an interview with Sara K. Schneider, who wrote about law enforcement in her book, \Art of Darkness
Male Business Leaders Need to Support Women's Empowerment. The Women's Empowerment Principles, a joint initiative of the UN Global Compact and UN Women, are premised on the fact that women's full participation in economic life is essential to build strong economies and establish more stable and just societies.
The Invisible Generation. Although we live in a youth-oriented society, there's a quiet generation of people who are being blatantly shunned and abused. They are the \invisible\ generation; the elderly among us who are often regarded as feeble-minded and lacking in the ability to contribute to society in a meaningful way.
First Freedom Tower Stair Race To Help Build 200 Homes For Vets With Disabilities. 
HIV Prevention on the Line. In 2015, the International AIDS Society (IAS) will hold a conference in Vancouver, returning to the city for a large-scale meeting the first time since the 1996 AIDS Conference that heralded the beginning of the era of highly active antiretroviral treatment.
A Very Different Type of Tour in Nepal. Have you ever felt that you are privileged? That you could \give\ to others with your experience and utilize your network of contacts to help those living in developing countries? I thought so too, until I participated in the Accountability Lab's Social Impact Tour in the poorest country in South Asia.
Creating Impact. Communication needs to be an integral component from the very start. And so here are the five questions you should ask -- in order! -- before you kick off any campaign.
The Pursuit of Happiness. All of these things can and do affect our general happiness levels, but I would like to propose that there are two things that make us the most happy as human beings
Fighting the War on Women. For our first round of Kuros! pepper spray drops in Africa, we had planned to conduct a number of the drops in the \squatter camps\ surrounding Johannesberg, South Africa.
When School Is Not Enough. Girls raised in Mumbai's brothels deal not only with challenging living conditions but also with physical, mental, and sexual violence. Several NGOs provide education and skills training to the children to try to break the cycle of prostitution, but few have their sights set beyond traditional work.
Child Homelessness In New York City Hit An All-Time High. Here's How It Can Be Fixed. 
Making a Dent in the Global Water Crisis. Achieving affordable access to safe water and sanitation for all has been one of humanity's most intractable problems. This is despite the fact that billions of us take these services for granted. We have known how to deliver affordable, safe water for more than 100 years yet for more than 2.5 billion people these services are absent.
A Digital Lifeline. That's right, this young homeless woman has cell phone. And she's using it to reach out to me to try to get some answers about her legal rights. And yes, I promised to call her back once I had more information.
Seeking Help for Addiction. We have all at some time or another been impacted either directly or indirectly by someone who has been using drugs and/or alcohol.  This can come in many forms.
\This Year We Will Have Hunger:\ Fears of Food Shortages in Southern Africa After Floods. While the first harvest is entirely lost, the hope is that farmers can plant again before the rains stop altogether so that there is hope of having some food to harvest this year. However, the crops will still take months to grow and many families will need food assistance in the interim.
Taking HeforShe to the Farm. Every stance that men take in the fight for gender equality is critical. But there is one particular group of women who remain the most marginalised
The Power of Voice to Foster Positive Progress -- International Women's Day 2015. It is an exciting time to be an American woman. I am seeing higher levels of collaboration and mutual respect in more and more of the groups I work and lead in.  am seeing empowerment awakening across the globe.
A Carrier of the Torch, Two-Time Childhood Cancer Fighter Maya Rigler Shows Character of My Daughter. Looking back I don't know if it was the inspiration of a courageous little girl who lived so close by, who was treated at the very same hospital, or our continued commitment in a world where it's hard to keep commitments, but I know that she and her siblings have gotten the message -- \when life gives you lemons, do something about it.\
It's Time to Change the Narrative on Sexual Assault in Our High Schools. Finally, college sexual assault is being taken seriously. Even Obama has made it a top priority for his administration, releasing guidelines on how these cases are to be treated by colleges. But, here's the problem
Life Lessons From a Modern Day Cinderella. Like most little girls, I was captivated by Cinderella and remember wearing my own version of Disney's magical blue dress, sparkly crown and of course, those beautiful glass slippers.
Why Music. With all the evidence and examples of how early musical training can affect one's level of success, it should be a no-brainer that music be a prerequisite in every child's development and education.
More Hospitals Are Accepting Breast Milk Donations For Babies Who Aren't Getting Enough. 
Out of Argentina. At 22, I thought a career in diplomacy would be my way to make a mark on the world. Propelled by vague dreams of joining the foreign service, I moved back in with my parents to save up and spent the next year planning my trip.
Caregivers, Clients and National Leaders to Put State of California on Trial. Providing care for the severely disabled, elderly and others who need round-the-clock care is the fastest growing job in America, and about 2 million people already are working as caregivers.
A Corporate Push to End the Stigma of Mental Illness. As a society, we continue to whisper about issues that will impact almost all of us, either directly or through a family member or friend. A culture of shame surrounding mental illness only serves to dissuade those who need help from seeking it.
Tip #1. Skeptical that this schism exists? Think again. A 2014 Washington Post/Kaiser Family Foundation poll found that 55 percent had served in the military felt disconnected from civilian life. That number increased to 64 percent for those who had served in combat.
Flushing vs. Composting in Drought Stricken California Valley. California has antiquated composting toilet regulations that need to be modified to address the current 20+ year catastrophic drought that we are facing.
Barriers That Keep Poor Kids out of School. Absenteeism matters. It is more strongly associated with dropping out than low test scores.  The reasons that children from low-income families miss more school are varied. Their families may not have the ability to advocate for proper services for students with learning or physical disabilities.
14 Million Syrian Kids Are Suffering As War Enters 5th Year. Here's Who's Helping. 
Seven Must-Have Apps For Distributed Teams Doing Social Good. Last week I spoke with someone whose house was buried in four feet of snow outside Boston. A day later I joined a group discussing our creative approach for a financial literacy program for kids.
Improving Disaster Management Is Critical To Ending Poverty. 
The Art of Being Alive Series. 
The Award-Winning Program That's Kept 1,000 Kids Off Houston Streets. Workshop Houston, which has been running for more than a decade, has helped approximately 1,000 students in a neighborhood where extracurricular activities are sparse and one in four families live below the poverty line.
The Meatrix. GRACE is releasing the 10-year-anniversary version of The Meatrix not as a self-congratulatory retrospective, but as an urgent call to action. While great strides have been made by sustainable food system advocates, factory farms remain a lamentable reality.
Making A Difference. What are you reading? What was the last book you read? These are two of my favorite questions to ask in order to jump start a conversation with an old friend or a new acquaintance.
Hope in the Fight to End Ebola. It's our global responsibility towards humanity to encourage compassion for those suffering, and support efforts to completely eliminate the Ebola virus by the end of 2015. Together we can make this happen!
Here's To Plumbers, Unsung Heroes Tackling The Water Crisis. 
The Year of the SDG's, Number 17. We all need a healthy, safe and enjoyable environment to live in as human beings. That environment is best described an interconnected whole. We're all in this together is much more than a solidarity call.
New Technological Tools Are Ensuring That Balanced Meal Ideas Are Available For Everyone. It's a simple solution that has the potential -- the opportunity to help people facing food insecurity get more than just enough to eat, but to breakdown some of the barriers to preparing and consuming the healthful foods for herself and her family.
Make It Happen. She had moved into a public housing project from a homeless shelter with her daughter. She had no family, few friends and a spirit of survival that was simultaneously awe-inspiring and depressing.
The Future Of Healthcare. When it comes to the future of healthcare, both in the developed world and the emerging world, we've got a lot to look forward to.
When the Going Gets Tough. Despite our best intentions, all of us have felt stuck in reaction to hardship at some point. It takes a huge mindset shift to recognize that we don't bounce back from bad stuff. We inevitably change, getting less or more resilient.
'What Was He Wearing?' Why the Media Needs to Ask the Right Questions About Rape and Violence. Violence against women is learned, not innate or inevitable. It's everyone's problem and everyone's responsibility to solve, and we urgently need to insist on keeping our focus on challenging the culture of violence that perpetuates values almost none of us want to embrace.
Closing the Gender Gap. Making equal rights a reality is essential to all our economies, to the health of our friends and families and our communities.
Ending the Trafficking of Women and Girls. On International Women's Day we rightly celebrate all that has been achieved for women's rights globally. But we must also openly acknowledge that so much more is required to achieve and maintain real equality, particularly in those countries and environments where women's rights are routinely ignored or trashed.
Senegalese Women Turn Once-Devastating Floodwaters Into Gardens. 
Let's 'Make It Happen'. As we commemorate International Women's Day, it is crucial to take stock of progress and outstanding challenges that confront women and girls and rededicate ourselves to making a difference in their lives.
A Plan to Empower More Than One Million Women. There is a story that persists around the developing world, to the detriment of families and entire economies
36 Influential Women Tell World Leaders. The fight for equality is already on. In developing countries, thousands of girls and women are breaking down these barriers and achieving extraordinary things. But your voice can help turn personal victories into global ones.
House Abandoned Americans Because #HomelessLivesMatter. Today, I wonder why America, a society that is so sophisticated, wealthy and compassionate, doesn't pick up its lost humanity on the streets and connect them with housing, and more importantly, the community of humanity.
The Resilient and Heroic Women of South Sudan. When it comes to tackling sexual and gender based violence, as well as gender equality, it's time for leaders in South Sudan and the international community to follow the leadership displayed by Josephine and the inspiring women of South Sudan.
The U.N. Aims To End Gender Inequality By 2030. Can It Be Done?. 
Midwives4All. Today, on International Women's Day, Sweden is speaking out in support of every woman's right to a midwife. The midwifery profession and workforce have the power to save thousands of lives each year.
We Must Stand Up for Out-of-School Girls. Women's equality -- as any woman anywhere will tell you -- will never be achieved as long as girls are subject to the threats, abuse and marginalization that still happens in many places around the world.
Zonta International -- If You Educate a Girl, You Educate a Nation. Today I felt privileged today to live in the first country in the world to see the sun and to be the first country to celebrate the International Women's Day with women's organisations from all over the world.
The Guy With the Guns Is Afraid?. The Second Amendment lets Americans own guns. The First Amendment lets us talk about how dangerous they are. Don't let the NRA shout down the national conversation about the extraordinary danger to children and families of guns in the home.
Celebrate Women. The truth is
Today's Youth Are Our Future World Leaders. In the history of the world, change often starts with the young. Young people look at the world with fresh eyes. They see the world as it is and ask \why?\ and imagine a different world and ask \why not?\
This Critical Step Could Keep Homeless People With Mental Illness Off The Streets. 
How 'Dumb Phones' Can Help Stop The Spread Of Ebola. 
International Women's Day. 
Honoring Young Leaders, Humanitarians at U.N. Mission. Fifteen years ago, I began a journey of unknown destination. Last week, we celebrated that journey -- and the many people who have journeyed with us.
Advancing the World's Women. Sunday is International Women's Day, a time to celebrate and promote the contributions of women in the world.
Social Equality. In November of 1987, I gave birth in the plains of Nepal. Soon after, members of the Brahman (high caste) family I'd married into began literacy classes for women.
Seattle Missed Its Homelessness Goal. Here's How It Can Do Better. 
D'Angelo Hooks and His Mother's Anguish. There is no word in English or in any language that I've found for parents who bury their children. It is not because the concept does not exist, but rather because such an act is against the natural order of events. It is not supposed to happen.
The Dance for Pakistan's Soul. The Lahore Literary Festival is precisely a symbol of a battle, paying ode to devoted individuals, giving people cause and platform to believe that they can begin a conversation sharing their literary achievements, rather than the common defensive approach against terrorism.
No, Everything Cool Isn't a Disruptive Innovation. Social change disruption, catalytic innovation -- whatever you want to call it -- the application of new ways of thinking about thorny issues that face our world is crucial to bridging the disconnect between different stakeholders, and forging a unified path.
Why I'm Speaking Up to End Hunger in Our Schools. The thought of kids failing in school because they lacked such a simple thing - breakfast - makes me crazy. But we can do something about it.
Corporate Philanthropy. The business of philanthropy tends to rely on an emotional appeal to donors. Corporations are not necessarily driven to make donations for altruistic reasons nor are they influenced emotionally to support nonprofits -- much like individual donors.
Social Entrepreneurship Is the Ultimate Solution to Global Crises. Now, we need more people to become social entrepreneurs, driving positive change in society and the world. Perhaps no better option exists to get out of the present crises this world is facing.
Jeremy Bloom. At just 3 years old, Jeremy bloom had found his will to win. Determined to keep up with his siblings, Bloom hit the slopes with his grandfather who taught him to ski by throwing candy bars down the mountain as bait.
Women Have Incredible Power To Affect Change -\u2013 Whether We Know It Or Not. As trusted members of their communities, women play a crucial role in transforming whole neighborhoods and villages, and their influence is spreading even further thanks to mobile phones.
Bill Gates Says Studying Dinosaurs Can Help Us Save More Kids' Lives. 
Measuring How America Rides. As we've grown, and as we've evaluated the progress of our key projects, we've often been frustrated by not being able to confidently answer two of the most basic bicycling questions
Moving Beyond Ignorance. I never get when people say, \I have no regrets.\ I will continue to apologize forever for my idiocy.
Cuba Joins One Billion Rising To End Violence Against Women. What an honor to be in Cuba for the first celebration of One Billion Rising to end violence against women!
Human Beings vs. Human Doings. 
Students Think Plumpy'Nut Challenge Can Match Ice Bucket. We all remember the Ice Bucket Challenge from last summer and its amazing success, raising money for research to cure ALS. What if that same spirit could be used to save children from starvation around the world?
Powerful Sports Scoreboards Tally War 'Death Count' To Reduce Violence In India, Pakistan. 
Champions For Change. I was first inspired to advocate for women and children when I saw my neighbor's daughter die during her first delivery in the hospital, simply because there was no midwife on duty. The unacceptably high rate of maternal mortality in my community keeps me motivated..
Anne Fontaine. Anne Fontaine is one of France's most recognized fashion designers of the last 20 years. Originally from Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, she had always wished to experience another rhythm of life to the one the city offered.
New Rock Musical Out Of My Comfort Zone Spotlights Bullying and Gender Identity. I spoke to the cast at rehearsals last month and marveled as the production evolved before my eyes into a singing, dancing powerhouse punctuated by dialogue that rings true and real.
The Message of American Heart Month and Throughout the Year. One of the great privileges of being a part of the American Heart Association is the opportunity to work together with fellow health organizations, like Susan G. Komen, to achieve our shared goal of improving and saving lives.
Snow Angel. When I speak with friends and note their despair about the state of the planet, I remind them that we are not inherently evil doers as some would conclude during these very dark times when heads are literally rolling; the results of a distortion of faith.
A One-Room School and Reclaiming Economic Sovereignty. History is often a useful arbitrator of what's possible; for the many who imagine that debt forgiveness simply is not possible, it's worth remembering what happened sixty-one ago
Accelerating \Made in the USA:\ How to Put the Brakes on Fast Fashion. Landfills are overflowing with cheaply made garments we discard after one wear and it's only a matter of time before the next human rights disaster makes the news.
What Can the Inuit and Nuer Teach Us About Sharing?. Sharing, in its purest form, is communistic. It occurs when no one claims exclusive ownership. It happens when people share what they believe belongs to everyone, or to their particular community.
How An Anti-Tech Teacher Ended Up Creating A Mobile App To Improve Education In Africa. Sometimes, the things we resist can house the most potential. For me, it was technology. After understanding its usefulness, I embraced its potential to educate students.
Small Things Big Wins in Health Care. When it comes to the recovery of a patient, no matter how small an improvement is, there is still a level of improvement that is taking place. Something as subtle as the blink of an eye can be a monumental milestone because in that split second you are witnessing a speck of light in a world that had the possibility of remaining in complete darkness.
A Model for the Future. This unprecedented sum will fully fund the immunization efforts supported through Gavi from 2016 - 2020, and put implementing countries on track to immunize 300 million children in the next five years, preventing between 5 and 6 million premature deaths in the process.
Local Solutions. Two years ago, The Pollination Project started a daily giving practice, making daily $1000 grants to social change visionaries around the world. Since we started, 50 individuals and families have joined us, each giving $1 or more a day to support grantees in 55 countries. Here are the extraordinary people we supported this week.
Countries Are Banning Rapists From Marrying Their Victims To Avoid Punishment. 
Countering Violent Extremism. You could watch the news and conclude that countering this threat from ISIS and al Qaeda is a \Muslim problem.\ That isn't the case however -- this is a threat that impacts the wellness of all of our communities and tests the strength of our founding principles.
Books. Growing up, reading was my favorite hobby. I was obsessed with books. Indeed, books were best friends I would spent countless hours with and draw inspiration and strength from. With a book you are never alone.
Homelessness Ends With Housing. The naysayers talk about the costs of putting someone in housing, others scoff and retort that they want free houses too. People get upset that their tax dollars go to support people who are lazy or who have made poor choices.
Here's Who Is Helping Women Forced Into Prostitution, Teen Pregnancy During Ebola Outbreak. 
Equal Opportunity and the Future of Our Nation. We can and must do better. And, now is our chance to do so because, at all levels of government, decisions about education funding levels, equity, teacher quality, class size, student supports and technology are being made right now.
The Secret to Raising Charitable Children. Volunteerism, in a sense, is the easy way out. You merely need to open the door. After that, the act of giving takes over and can't help but leave your child in a better, brighter place.
Non-Profit Helps Homeless Man Turn The Key to a New Life. After realizing that in a way all humans are like old keys -- unique, flawed, scarred and at risk of being discarded -- she wanted these keys to have their purpose renewed over and over again.
Ang Kaji Sherpa. My interview with Ang Kaji has not be seen before, as I recently rediscovered it when preparing for a Sherpa Path speech.
Veterans Finding a New Outlook Outdoors. The path forward for returning veterans can be bolstered by treatment, therapy, and medication; but is also too often marked by addiction and suicide. Ultimately, Brandon would find his footing in the same place that his relentless sense of adventure took him as a boy growing up outside Cleveland - the outdoors.
Embracing the Future. Two years ago The Pollination Project started a daily giving practice, making daily $1000 grants to social change visionaries around the world. Since we started, fifty more individuals and families have joined in, each giving $1 or more a day to support our grantees.
The Unbreakable Bond. 
73 Graffiti Artists Tagged A Drab School To Show That Low-Income Kids Deserve Art Too. 
First, Do No Harm. When I tell people I work on medical projects in Tanzania, many of them smile and make a joke about witch doctors. I smile back, knowing just how ignorant these people are. Some pretty advanced countries have questionable medical practices.
World Autism Awareness Day 2nd April 2015. Well, the countdown to World Autism Awareness Day 2nd April 2015 has been going on for the past ten months, and things are starting to hot up as the preparations for this event approach their conclusion.
Kind. The Vineyard's reputation is that of an exclusive enclave for the rich and famous.  Presidents vacation here.  To the community that lives here it is a profound experience of contradictions.
A Safe Birth for Imelda. In just two short weeks, Imelda will give birth to a brand new baby. Like most expectant mothers, it's a time filled with excitement and nervous anticipation as she prepares to welcome her second child into the world.
'We Have a Heart Problem'. 
The Charitable Side of the NBA All-Star Weekend. NBA All-Star Weekend is more than just a game and a few associated skills challenges. It celebrates the entire NBA culture, and that includes its charitable side.
Beatings and Abuse of the Most Vulnerable Prisoners. For over a year I have been communicating with Comrade Mailk Washington, a man imprisoned in Texas. We have been exchanging stories of life, and finding common ground in our very different experiences, we have been discussing civil rights and social justice; over the course of this year I can say that we have become friends.
Nearly Half Of Low-Income Kids Don't Eat Breakfast. Here's 1 Way To Fix That. 
Here's What 5 Years Of Community Restoration Looks Like In Detroit. 
Somali Midwifery School Helps Tackle Harsh Conditions For Women. Somalia is one of the worst places in the world to be a woman, especially a pregnant woman. According to recent statistics, one in 18 Somali women die from complications of pregnancy or childbirth -- one of the highest lifetime risks of maternal death in the world.
This Initiative Could Help 60,000 Poor Farmers. 
Are You Living YOUR Life?. I have a confession to make. I used to live someone else's life. I would wake up in the morning and think someone else's thoughts. I would spend all day at work trying to solve someone else's problems. I would struggle to find a way to live someone else's dreams.
Open Hearted Hand. What do you believe and why do you believe it? We have been living out of stories that we're told. Stories we tell ourselves about ourselves... stories history books tell us... the newspapers tell us.... our parents tell us...
6 Ways the League of Women Voters Has Impacted Your Life. 
Descendants of Morocco's Veterans Face Violent Evictions. Douar Ouled Dlim comprises just a part of the larger Guiche L'Oudaya, Rabat's guiche community. Today, these historically-significant communities are dwindling as their lands are sold and used for commercial and real estate development.
That Which I Love Destroys Me. This is a tough film to watch. But it needs to be to get past a viewer's defenses against what is truly a challenge to imagine for those of us sheltered from war.
What Is Holding You Back. How many of you remember your first school crush? I remember mine. I waited for the tiniest glimpse of him in the hall on our way to lunch, and at the end of the day, I hurried out front just in case he didn't ride the bus and I might have a chance to see him on the steps talking with his friends.
I Survived Abuse, And It Led Me To Start An Uprising -- Karabo Tshikube. I grew up in a small town called Messina, near the border between South Africa and Zimbabwe. I was part of a huge family. I lived with my mother, and my father lived nearby. I blocked out a lot of my childhood memories (good/bad) until recently. Never wanted to think about my childhood.
No More Trashbag Kids. The nature of foster care in the United States creates at least two mindsets that are particularly damaging to foster children. These do not arise from experiences within the system, and from adult perceptions, that focus on failure.
National AAPI Community Google+ Hangout. After the great engagement from last year's National Community Google+ Hangout, we are eager to continue the conversation on advancing the AAPI community this year and beyond.
An Ugly Dilemma. As chance dictates I am writing from Paris, the scene of the latest, though not the largest, horrendous clash between \representatives\ of the civilizations of Muslim religious believers and western Judeo Christian believers.
This Woman Will Give $10,000 to an Animal Shelter for Implementing Her \Name the Rescue\ Idea. Her concept, \Name the Rescue,\ is simple
I Am a Cancer Researcher. I am a cancer researcher is a way of saying that you are empowered as a cancer patient.
Let's Choose to Create a Better Internet. In a small way, we are co-creators of the Internet every time we log on, send a text or upload a photo. In what might seem to be in an insignificant way, we add to the tone, tenor and nature of the web by our actions, by what we contribute and by what we choose not to respond to.
Communication Matters. We are using three approaches to communications in order to broaden our impact. These approaches apply to foundations and nonprofits alike. The first is to communicate proactively with the media to educate the public.
Hands Up. Don't Foreclose.. We need to focus on keeping families in their homes, providing children stability, and restoring trust and respect between families and banks, law enforcement, and our government. \Hands Up. Don't Foreclose.\
Female Genital Cutting in a Medical Environment. We say FGC can end in the next generation, but once the practice is legitimized like this, it becomes more and more of an uphill task. We call on international organizations and others to step up.
Every Single Kid Who Was Orphaned By Ebola In Guinea Has A Home. 
Flip-Flopping on Adoption. With long waiting lists of Americans vying to adopt, how can sending American children to Australia or elsewhere be seen as anything but the commodification of children for profit?
Not Drinking -- The Superpower. Most people who drink think that people who don't drink are, at best, missing something and, at worst, are living in what they imagine to be a depressed state of sobriety.  Nothing could be further from the truth.
Autism Group Urges Parents To Vaccinate Children. 
Ailey Dancers and the Kids With Disabilities. Three dancers from the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater made their annual appearance at the Cotting School, New England's oldest and best-known school for young people with special needs.
The Results Are In. We're all aware of income inequality and the need for initiatives to address common societal issues. Yet we don't often hear about whether programs meant to help people really solve the problems at hand, because few steps are taken to actually assess the outcomes, leaving evaluation of the initiatives to little more than a gut feeling.
On Turning Outward and Being Intentional. We all want to achieve a sense of meaning in our own lives. But to find that path -- and make it real -- you must turn outward. After all, you cannot pursue your true desires if you are facing in the wrong direction.
100 Million Reasons to Be Thankful. While the common conjecture may be that summer is the most important time for us here at Alex's Lemonade Stand Foundation, the beginning of the year brings with it some special inspiration as well.
Men Break Down Watching Footage Of Female Genital Mutilation, Vow To Speak Out Against Practice. 
Separated at Birth. With the help of other women prisoners she called her fellow prison mates and coached them with strict instructions. C\u00e9cile gave birth to Christelle at 40 weeks on an average, early Monday morning, but a day pitted in deep sorrow and sadness for her.
Paying It Forward. In a time when so many people are still struggling with unemployment and debt, even seemingly inconsequential gives of money -- or larger than usual tips -- can change that person's outlook on life.
Native-American Kids Doused With Beer at SD Hockey Game. 
No Shelter. I was walking down a street in one of Seattle's toniest neighborhoods with my 25-year-old daughter and another young woman. We were part of Seattle/King County's One Night Count of the homeless, a massive effort to document the number of \unsheltered\ persons on a random winter night.
A Letter to Taya Kyle, Widow of American Sniper Chris Kyle. Although the movie is deeply moving -- and yes, sad -- it contains a powerful message that continues to resonate with me. So would I have had it any other way? Not a chance.
A World of Kindness. I have the privilege of making seed grants to social change leaders around the world. Here are the extraordinary people and projects that our community of givers supported this week.
GiveNOLA Day Rallies New Orleans Community. New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu appeared at a press conference hosted by the Greater New Orleans Foundation to officially proclaim May 5, 2015 GiveNOLA day.
A Healer Is Discovered. The last two weeks have been very eventful. At long last, I have Galen, a smooth coated, sable Shiloh Shepherd puppy. A friend and I drove to Arizona to pick him up and bring him home to Colorado.
Drug Treatment Court Participation Down. If substance use disorder, misuse of drugs and alcohol along with the rising overdose rate is viewed as a health crisis why are drug policies still seeking solutions within the criminal justice system?
Democratizing Access To Legal Information -- For Every African. For the first time ever, millions of Africans will be able to access local laws and information about their rights at the click of a mouse or the push of a phone button. The public impact is already palpable.
Domestic Violence. Domestic violence is a pervasive, complicated public health issue that requires an equally pervasive and multi-layered response.
Lead 'Like a Girl'. When one woman succeeds, we all succeed. I have seen it. So take action today, whatever it may be, because when you empower others, you empower yourself... you change lives, including your own. And that's how you change the world. It's up to us, ladies. We can do it... together!
For the Love of Animals. This \Love Your Pet Day,\ donate to animal shelters and organizations to help care for these innocent animals. Volunteer at your local shelter to help the animals cope with being alone. No one wants to be alone, and your simple act of kindness goes a long way for animals that don't have anyone.
Give All Americans a Mandatory Civics Exam. Think about it. We rarely discuss or even ponder what it means to be an American in our daily lives. When was the last time you sat down and said to yourself, or thought for a moment, or even said in a prayer
On the Road to Ending HIV. The project was founded on the recognition that, in addition to traditional prevention strategies, such as condom use, the underlying causes of risky behavior need to be addressed. Additionally, there needs to be widened access to HIV services if the next generation is to be AIDS-free.
Volunteers Ink Over Women's Prison Tattoos To Help Give Them Fresh Start. 
The Laconic Cab Driver. I am about to submit an entry to the Guinness Book of World Records for the most laconic taxi driver on the planet. On a recent trip to Tanzania, my colleagues and I were on our way to the city of Bukoba on the western side of Lake Victoria.
The Chilling 911 Call You Won't Hear During the Super Bowl. From the standpoint of a person in childhood, domestic violence is violence between your parents, or violence towards a parent, perhaps from a significant other or a stepparent.  And this violence can be physical or non-physical.
What Is Late Onset Tay Sachs?. That's a question I would have asked as recently as early November of this past year. Unfortunately, I am now all too familiar with what it is. I have 26 year old fraternal twin daughters who were just diagnosed with this devastating genetic disorder. My husband and I were unsuspecting carriers of a recessive gene.
Children's Cancer Therapy Development Institute. We live in an era of immense hope for the future of cancer research and the quest for new and promising treatments.  The identification of new genetic mutations as viable markers for therapeutic development is driving researchers and clinicians to focus on specific pathways for targeted therapies.
Black or White? Let's Talk About Gray. Kevin Costner has taken on race in his new movie Back or White. But really it's about family. What he's done is shine a light on the changing face of families in America and reminded us of what's important.
Amid Super Bowl Human Trafficking Hype, A Reminder That 70% Of Victims Are Sold Online Year-Round. 
Live the Story You Want to Read (And Why You Need a Life Plan). Perhaps you won't even write much down. That's OK. But I guarantee that you'll be full of thought throughout your day. In fact, the harder these questions are to think about, the more likely it is that you need this in your life.
Ukraine War. They were civilians standing in line at the Rinat Akhmetov Humanitarian Centre in Donetsk, Ukraine. This was aid they needed because of the war between the government and pro-Russian separatists.
Being a Philanthropist Without Money. When anyone gives anything with good heart, he or she becomes a philanthropist -- a conduit and a catalyst for love. So, if you think you have nothing to give, think again.
Town Rallies Behind Doctor, 88, Who May Lose License For Treating Poor Patients From His Car. 
Ebola Flare Ups Continue Where Victims Don't Trust Aid Groups. 
Are We Creating a Lost Generation of Women in Our Workforce?. Though some see it as antiquated, ageism is a real factor for many women I see, especially those who fall into the \middle-age\ bracket and find themselves subject to stereotypes.
'New Generation' Of Wars, Epidemics, Disasters Harming 60 Million Children. 
Over 900,000 Homeless Kids Are Invisible to HUD. We Can Change That!. When I worked as an outreach case manager in Los Angeles, nothing was more heartbreaking than when I would have to turn a homeless family away because U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development didn't feel the family was \homeless enough.\
One Of The Most Effective Ways To Fight Hunger In Developing World Is To Build Better Roads. 
Health Care and the Outdoor Industry. There are side effects to time outdoors
Counseling and Mental Health Care Before Deployment Could Ease Vets' Return. It's clear that war exacts much more than a physical toll, yet we seem to train for combat in war without considering the other levels of mental, emotional and moral injury.
Why Careers in Technology are Good for Women. Careers for women in technology get an undeservedly bad rap.
Volunteerism at the College Level. There are many reasons why you shouldn't do service work
New National Text-to-Parents Program Aims to Promote Children's Early Language Development. Studies have found that by age 4, children in lower income families have heard 30 million fewer words than their more affluent peers. This disparity in hearing words directly translates into a disparity in learning words
A Reading Buddy. When you are a child, reading alone can be lonely. If you don't know the meaning of a word, there's no one to ask, and if you stumble on a pronunciation, no one will help you smooth it out. So we decided to design a pilot program called \Pajama Program Reading Buddy Plus.
Giving Money to Strangers Changed My Perspective. I was caught in a moment of raw humanity. I was not staring into the eyes of a junkie. I was not staring into the eyes of a con man. I was looking into the eyes of a fellow human being who was suffering and who was grateful for my help.
This Woman Wants To End The Stigma Of Having A Parent In Prison, And It's Personal. 
The (New) Story of India. \Murder.\ \Rape.\  \Corruption.\ \Dying from poverty and hunger.\ Open an Indian newspaper these days, and these are the stories you are likely to find.  Out of these stories, our collective consciousness is built, which affects what we believe and how and why we choose to act.
Your Organization Does Amazing Things... So Why Doesn't Anyone Understand What You Do?. Most organization leaders were concerned that even their own staff members couldn't 100% accurately relay their mission. So where does the breakdown happen?
Paving The Road To Postpartum Recovery. Days after delivering a stillborn child, Umuhoza had grown terribly ill, She was running a fever, barely able to walk and incontinent. Her mother grew increasingly concerned and knew she had to get Umuhoza to a hospital, even though it was hours from their rural village in northwest Rwanda.
Obama's Proposal for Free Community College. If his K-20 proposal actually becomes law, thousands of young people whose hopes for college seemed as remote as landing a corner office job will have an entry into a world of possibility. They will have access to both a college and career pathway for the array of jobs requiring Associates degrees or certification.
Fannie Mae And Freddie Mac May Help End Homelessness In America. 
Pamela Anderson Talks Candidly About Love, Forgiveness and Her Foundation. During her passionate speech about her organization and its mission, she shared how as a child and into her teen years, she was a victim of continued sexual abuse.
WHO Launches Emergency Ebola Fund To Prevent Future Response Blunders. 
The Secret's a Lie. If I think \I am building muscle and cutting fat to 12 percent\ yet I'm sitting on a couch and eating chips and guacamole (which are totally delicious), then this positive affirmation will be as substantial as a cloud. It will wisp away with the very next bite.
CFES Looking to Help 5 Low-Income Schools. A national nonprofit, College For Every Student (CFES), \u00ad\u00adis searching for five schools to participate in a high-impact program that will help low-income students become college and career ready. The five schools will receive Closing the Gap awards through support from private donors.
Let's Address America's Mental Health Crisis in 2015. Not every homeless person is mentally ill, but a large percentage within the chronically homeless population face mental-behavioral health recovery and so we need quality, community-based care in tandem with affordable housing to help them.
Homeless Children Relocated During Pope's Philippines Visit. 
Thinking Globally and Acting Locally. We should all be immensely grateful for and supportive of the organizations who look after the women in the Sudanese refugee camps. At the same time, it can be too easy to overlook the fact that the person who needs your humanitarian heart may also be right under your nose.
We're Telling Kids To Learn Code. Here's Why We Shouldn'tForget The Humanities In the Process.. 
Can Nonprofit Organizations Compete in the War for Talent?. As the leader of a nonprofit organization that is experiencing rapid growth, I have strived to create a culture of accountability in order to improve our performance to achieve the organization's mission.
The Impact of Active Duty Deaths on Survivors. It is important to know that even though it is easy to paint all grieving families of deceased military members with the same brush, we are very different and have very different experiences.
AU Report Into Sexual Violence in South Sudan. One of the main reasons we are seeing such extreme sexual violence in South Sudan is the country's pervasive culture of impunity. The perpetrators -\u202f- including\u202f members of the police, army\u202f and armed militias\u202f -- know that there is no rigorous justice system and almost no risk of consequences.
With a Book You Are Never Alone. My first trip to Ghana was almost five years ago. Like many visitors who have traveled there, I fell in love with the people and the country; I returned from the trip with a desire to contribute, and help Africa develop and grow.
Mentoring Matters. There is one more thing we learned through The Mentoring Effect
This Is The Youngest Davos Participant, And He's Helping Save Lives With An App. 
My Beautiful Reward and the 7 Lessons It Has Taught Me. I was looking toward my future with hope, excitement and anticipation, it was a new chapter in life for me and I couldn't wait for what lay ahead. Until one day, everything I knew and everything I was looking forward to changed in the matter of a split second.
'American Sniper'. War takes a horrific physical and emotional toll on our soldiers and their families, and we are currently not providing them adequate care and support. We must unite around our commitment and honor their service by adequately addressing their health and well-being.
I Watched Traumatized Women Fight Back And Transform My Country -- Rosi Orozco. In Mexico, a few thousand abused women rose up, and we have prevented a huge amount of trafficking. If one billion women rise, is there anything we would not be able to achieve?
Formerly Homeless Teen Went From Shelter To Michelle Obama's SOTU Guest. 
A Lesson in Vanishing Monsters. We all, naturally and overwhelmingly, develop prejudice, fears and reluctances of the unknown. And so, this same reluctance might make it so we miss people along the way. People who could have integrated into our lives in a very meaningful way.
Davos Attendees To Wear Fitbits, Raise Money To Buy Bikes For Needy Kids. 
MLK, Jr. Asked Us 'What Are You Doing For Others?' Here's How We Answered. 
Make a Level Ground. Already an experienced youth worker with an MBA, Ali quit her job four months after starting the pilot program, immediately realizing that addressing issues of systemic social injustice, poverty, and marginalization would require her attention full-time.
Service Can Unite Us to Fulfill Dr. King's Vision of a Beloved Community. Spurred by recent tragic events, our country should commit to investing in more opportunities for all young Americans by bringing national service programs to scale in order to heal divisions in our society and realize Dr. King's vision of a beloved community.
Baby Without a Name. 
MLK's Dream Starts at Home. By standing with Memphis sanitation workers and calling on the city to treat these black workers with dignity and respect, MLK taught us that racial and economic justice are intrinsically linked.  That lesson inspires me today, because 47 years later, the fight isn't over for black and Latino workers.
In 'I Have A Dream' Video, Homeless Kids Share Their Hopes For The Future. 
A Service Year for the Nation's Young People Would Hasten King's Vision for America. Several of my favorite King quotes speak powerfully to an idea that I believe can help advance King's vision for America. That idea is large-scale, voluntary national service as a civic rite of passage.
Elder Women As Agents Of Change. From handing out condoms on township streets, to encouraging neighbors, community leaders and friends to attend the meetings held at GAPA, these elder women are becoming the social fabric tying together their community in a band of resistance against HIV/AIDS.
How to Bet On Yourself and Win in 2015. Every New Year dreams are launched. Resolutions made. Goals are set. We spend time reflecting and wondering about what the future holds. Will we reach our goals? Will we know success? How can we improve and adjust?
Continuing the Conversation. As students return to their institutions of higher learning this month to greet the new year and start of the spring semester, what will the climate be like as it relates to the attitudes and perspectives towards campus violence and sexual assault?
Farmers Who Pick Your Fruit Often Can't Put Food On The Table. 
An Open Letter to a Rising Star. While J. Lo wiped away her tears on national television, and I did the same with more privacy, I wanted to praise you, thank you, and shout from the rooftops about you.
Finding Kind. Is it impossible to find sisterhood?  I can answer an emphatic no after a lifetime of gathering loyal supporters, but I also recall moments in my life where I was abused by girls who called themselves my friends.  And apparently I am not alone.
Connection Through Captivation. One in five children--a full fifth of the world's child population--don't get all the vaccines they need to be protected against deadly diseases like measles, pneumonia, and whooping cough.
Report. 
A New Way to See Things. 
Flying High. 
Stop Poking the Bear. Je Suis Global Citizen.. In this moment of post-attack fog as the world tries to get back to normal, I urge you all, whether leaders in title or in conviction, not to poke the bear. Find a way forward that comes from a quest for understanding, soul-searching and peaceful resolution.
Want to Change the Face of Technology? Look to Our Girls. I live in Oakland, the most diverse city in America. Unfortunately, the tech workforce here does not reflect this richness of talent. The girls in my community can be part of the solution to expand and diversify the tech workforce.
Getting Personal About Homelessness. As I think about cold winter weather, I always remember that there is a population of homeless people who are truly at risk when exposed to the elements.
Young People, Employment and Enterprise -- An Opportunity for System Change. Getting your first job, setting up your first business, taking your first degree are opportunities that should be available and accessible to all young people in the UK, but as we know truth is they are not.
Amid Boko Haram's Latest Killings. No, social media won't return the girls. But it got my attention and probably yours. It's been said by the demonstrators what is needed is a renewed campaign to once again gain mindshare of a distracted world.
A Million Thanks for Millions. Milions of people are walking around with titanium inserts, thanks to professor Branemark. Millions of people are smiling with confidence, thanks to \the father of modern dental implants\, as he is often called.
These Photos of Shelter Dogs as Famous Authors Are Awesome. I'm an English major, member of the Dog Writers Association of America, and big fan of animal rescue, so my heart did cartwheels when I heard about \Poetic Dogs.\
Over 85,000 Haitians Are Still Homeless From The 2010 Earthquake. 
Lights, Camera, Action! 10 Tips for Taking Pics of Your Pet. Great photos can be lifelong treasures; as Eudora Welty once said, \A good snapshot stops a moment from running away.\
Bridging the Loneliness Gap. Roughly one in five people are believed to suffer enduring loneliness and the incidence of loneliness tends to grow -- and is increasing -- among older populations.
Teens Read Gripping, Real Messages Sent To Peers After They Committed Suicide. 
5 Years After the Earthquake in Haiti, The Sad State of Democracy and Human Rights. Some things never change. In Haiti, no matter the century or decade in question, one can be certain that
Taiwan's 30-Day Medical Release of Former President. The decision of Taiwan's Ma administration to release former President Chen Shui Bian brought joy and relief to many of Mr. Chen's followers. But joy quickly turned to grief when the public learned the release was for 30 days only.
Life After a Shooting. The real test of a community is not its immediate reaction to grief -- but its tenacity. Even after a shooting that rocked us to the core, we can't turn inward. Even after plummeting into a vortex of grief, we can't turn isolationist. Even after numbness, we can't turn away.
Inspire the World. To truly channel, all we have to do is \be\ ourselves. After all, we're all unique channels to an infinite source -- and when we want to be inspired, lifted from a place that might keep us from rising to our very best self, all we have to do is listen.
Volunteer Network Helps Haiti Cope With Disasters Year After Year. 
Report. 
14, Unplugged, and Innovating. I have a coffee shop scene burned in my mind that I cannot seem to shake
When 'Wow!' Is Not Enough. As far as global health causes go, sterilization is decidedly un-glamorous. It's not new -- the underlying concept has been understood for nearly two centuries; nor is it thought of as technologically cutting-edge -- the standard method of sterilization in most places is still the steam-based autoclave.
\No Place Like Home for the Holidays...\. Just \moving the herd\ is not a solution.  I think forty years is long enough to wait for the problem to go away.  Let's put that on the top of the list for 2015.
A TEDx Talk Celebrating Scientists and Exploring the Technological Future of Beauty. It also discusses the future of beauty as we progress into a more technologically advanced and digital world. Here's the condensed version of the second half of the speech.
College Student Carried Around Extra Socks To Help Homeless On The Spot. 
Yoga Is Official! United Nations Adopts International Yoga Day. I wonder and remain optimistic that International Yoga Day is not only shifting the body, but it becomes an official day where everyone can choose to shift their minds towards a more empowered state.
The Idea Revolution. What if I told you that the cure for cancer will come from the mind of a Hispanic girl in South Central Los Angeles? Or that the invention that will replace the Internet will come from the imagination of a Black boy from Harlem?
Bully for Ancestry. These may be heady questions, but now that we're 15 years into the 21st Century--yes, that's a jawdropper when you think about it--and the future has, basically, arrived, ironically, we find ourselves in the midst of another phenomena
Why You Should Not Buy New Clothes for 30 Days. 
Hope. Hope seems to have fallen by the way side of life today to the point that what most humans are striving for is becoming more and more difficult to achieve.
Let's Make 2015 About Investing In Local Initiative. Just as \angel investors\ look for talented graduates from Stanford, and parents with wealth look to invest in the talents of their kids, those of us wanting to be helpful can also seek out families and groups of families that are helping themselves and one another.
My Life Among the Children of the Corn. As children we knew that nobody ever went into the cornfield alone. Not even the brash neighborhood bully who loved to chase me down and sit on my chest. Even he would pale at the thought. The only way to navigate the maze was to stick together.
What Are You Inadvertently Revealing By How  You Mark Your Territory?. Did you know that young males with organized college dorm rooms that have a sports d\u00e9cor tend to be conservative? Or that liberals are more likely to have messy rooms? Or that displaying inspirational posters sometimes signals a neurotic tendencies?
I WILL. Leonard Peltier has been in prison since 1977 in spite of overwhelming calls for clemency. It is enough now.  Clemency is long past due for Leonard Peltier.
The Necessity of Failure. 
A Handout Is a Hand Up. Growing up in poverty increases the chances that an American will continue to live in poverty as an adult. That's of course bad for the people directly affected and also bad for the economy. Furthermore, it casts a long shadow on The American Dream.
Bat\u00e9y 106. In this globalized world of consumption we live in, rarely do we stop to think about where our goods actually come from, who cultivated them or what life is like for the people at the beginning of the production chain. When you open a pack of sugar and empty it into your tea or coffee, do you ever consider the process of how that sugar ended up on your table? Do you ever think about what the people are like at each step of the production
2015 Resolution. In an age of almost complete transparency, doing good is critical if you want to keep your license to do business.  Consumers hesitate to buy from you, but worse, employees won't even apply to your company.  How could they
Ebola Survivors Share Stories Via Mobile App To Help Fight Stigma. 
The Lord Of The Rings. After my diagnosis, I felt my own fellowship form. My parents came together to do their best to protect me; they protected me from germs, infections, depression, and loneliness. My best friend and sister provided levity in a dark time much like Merry and Pippin. I met another cancer survivor who proved to be a great guide on my journey, showing me the path to recovery.
Gentrification. Unfortunately, given the cost of housing in some areas of the country--usually attributable to the artists and/or the art and cultural districts, which have grown up around them--it is probably too late. A crisis is looming.
A New Year's Resolution for Our Military Community. Here's a New Year's resolution for the Pentagon
Desperate Parents Of Abducted Nigerian Girls Lose Hope In Government, Turn To U.N.. 
These Were The 10 Biggest Gifts To Charity In 2014. 
Promise Me Humanity. So this is the day, the last of days. Three hundred and sixty-five days of protests, lay-ins, new laws, broken laws, innocent jailing, pride, nationalism, fear and hope. This day, without failure, wipes the windshield of mud and dirt, eternally with the promise of change.
Dear Chiara Natasha. I am and will continue to pray for you, my sister. Many things may not make sense right now, but have hope in a God who knows and sees more than we do. Where we see no open doors, He sees one that we don't even know exists. You are very strong, and you are very loved.
College Basketball Player With Inoperable Brain Tumor Raises $1 Million For Charity. 
Welcome the Change You Want to See in 2015. This week we ring in the new year and declare, \Out with the old!\ and, \In with the new!\ The new year makes people welcome change. We make resolutions defining what will better about our lives in the coming year.
Learning From Adversity in 2014. 2014 was one of the worst years ever for in many ways.  It opened up lots of unpleasant doors, but as the clich\u00e9 goes, for a writer, everything is material, no matter how awful. Even when we're suffering, part of us is observing the situation and thinking, \This would make a great story.\
Happy Economic New Year!. World Economic Forum in Davos focuses on brain research, ethical leadership, renewable energy and the global sharing economy. The conference will stream LIVE in late January. I will sit ready with popcorn and my notebook.
18 New Year's Resolutions to Fight Racism. Once we get past the idea that racism rests with a few prejudiced, hate-filled individuals and accept that all white people uphold a system of racism in our daily choices and actions, there is a lifetime of constructive, life-affirming work to fight racism ahead of us.
Zane Buzby -- 'One Foot in Comedy, One Foot in the Holocaust'. There is no shortage of Holocaust memorials, museums and foundations dedicated solely to preserving the history of Nazi crimes against Europe's Jews during the Second World War. Yet there is a shortage of funds for financial aid for survivors.
Acceptance Workshop Encourages Teens to Gain a New Perspective on Life. We went to Reynolds High School in Troutdale, Oregon, to spend the day and learn more about Challenge Day and the difference the workshop makes on students.
5 Lessons I Learned From Running a Crowdfunding Campaign. This holiday season, my mother and I hosted a crowdfunding campaign to raise funds for our local Humane Society animal shelter.
Flutie Foundation Targets Three Key Autism Areas for Grant Support. 
Revisiting Sri Lanka a Decade Later. The 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami killed more than 35,000 people in Sri Lanka, injuring more than 21,000. Over 1,000 children were orphaned and more than 7,000 children lost one parent.
A Step Towards Stopping the Entrapment of Domestic Abuse Victims. Including the controlling of partners as a part of the definition of domestic violence aids in transferring people's attention from the question of \why do they stay?\ to \how can we help them leave?\
Officers of the Peace. Why have we come to a time where the police are often seen as intimidating, authoritative figures separate from the communities where they serve and live? Rather than a division of people against police, in which both police and the citizens are on guard, can we rebuild trust? Aggression begets aggression.
The Mind of a Generation -- Why Christmas Day Was Such a Sad Day for Me!. It may be my writing sense that has always made me notice and feel the little things that no one else seems to pay attention to; very often, to my own annoyance and to the exasperation of others.
Remembering the Asian Tsunami Disaster of 2004. Last week marked the 10th anniversary of the 2004 Indian Ocean Earthquake or Asian Tsunami Disaster, which killed an estimated 230,000 people in 14 countries. It elicited one of the greatest outpourings of humanitarian response ever from the global community.
Creating Change By Changing Yourself. It's hard. I'm still learning. But 20 years of this work has convinced be that it is the only way for us to be equipped to create lasting and continual change.
Congress Sets Politics Aside for Critical Development and Humanitarian Issues. 2014 saw an unprecedented number of humanitarian crises around the globe. At the same time, this year's mid-term congressional elections brought partisan tensions to new highs inside the Washington Beltway.
Where Our Common Interest Meets Your Self-Interest. Most people view this desire to give back as \charity.\ The arrogant thought that people in need deserve our help. What we neglect to understand is that we need to engage our hearts, minds and yes, our pocketbooks, because it helps us too.
10 Years on, What the Tsunami Taught Me. 10 years on, let's take a moment to remember lives lost, and fundamentally changed in an instant.  And let's pause to reflect and wonder at the resilience and hope within all of us. Today, almost anywhere on Sri Lanka's coastline, you would hardly know the magnitude of horrors endured there.
2014. WHIAAPI is honored to share with you a number of memorable moments in 2014. Please check out some of our photo and video highlights from the year and tweet your favorites using the hashtag #WHIAAPI.
Top 10 Highlights of 2014 in Ending Homelessness. For those of us fighting to end homelessness in America, the year of 2014 gives us hope that strategic ideas and initiatives are actually working, albeit slowly. Here are our top highlights of 2014.
Report. 
Propelling Games and Technology Forward By Giving Back. The video game industry has much to be thankful for as we continue to witness the robust economic impact that we have on the U.S. economy as well as the positive social impact that we create through the ESA Foundation, our industry's philanthropic arm.
Sandra Orangutan, Rights and Personhood. Here, attorney Steven Wise, who heads the Nonhuman Rights Project (NhRP), provides a very important clarification of the court's decision.
Christmas in Sierra Leone. Eight months into the outbreak, a dedicated Ebola treatment facility for Sierra Leonean health workers who contract the virus still does not exist. There is a dedicated center for foreign healthcare workers, but Sierra Leonean health workers are not admitted.
How Santa Began a Food for Peace Movement. CARE packages of food were delivered to the hungry in countries still recovering from World War II. It was as if Santa Claus packed his sled with enough food to feed the world.
Sixty Seven Elephants in Need of Immediate Rescue in India. Suzy is one of sixty-seven pachyderms living in terrible conditions in Indian circuses, despite a nationwide ban on the use of elephants in such shows. The next step for Suzy and the others is to find their way to safety thanks to Wildlife S.O.S.
#GiveAMeal This Holiday Season. Since November the United States has been free of the Ebola Virus. However, that's not true for other parts of the world. One such country is Sierra Leone.
CDC's Mission. CDC is America's health protection agency. Along with our many governmental and private sector partners, we're working 24/7to find, stop, and prevent disease - in every state, throughout our nation, and in many countries around the globe.
Cathedrals Still Unknown. Following her injury, Leigh was suddenly compelled to recite and write poetry, generate equations, paint and dance, not to mention get manicures and pedicures for the first time.
Dear Parents. But then, you heard your son's questions and you cut him off. You told him \She could run you over!\ as you laughed a condescending laugh and pulled him away. It seems you entirely missed the point of what could have been a perfect teachable moment. And it stung.
Our 8 Favorite (Eye-Opening!) Quotes of 2014. The Awards, presented at the sixth annual Millennium Campus Conference at Lynn University, recognized influencers who use their global platforms for good.
Pakistan. This \war against education\ from the Taliban has effectively crippled the future of Pakistan, ensuring that the vast human potential of the nation will be going to waste. However, in the wake of the attack in Peshawar, there needs to be a concerted attempt by the state and people of Pakistan to reform and support the education system.
What We Are Learning From Employing American Military Spouses. Based on the headlines I've read recently, the news is good on the unemployment front. According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics' most recent summary report, the unemployment rate has dropped to 5.8 percent -- the lowest it has been since 2008.
Experts. 
What to Do About Slums. From remote resettlement to same-place resettlement, and from government-led upgrading to grassroots initiatives, it is clear that the debate on solutions for informal communities is a hotly contested one.
In Mumbai. Motherhood is a universal journey, and that access to good information is a universal right. We believe that small shifts in understanding can perpetuate great shifts toward healthy behaviors.
Cancer, Cinema, Crowdfunding and Twitter. I realize that cancer, cinema, crowdfunding and Twitter don't usually go together. Especially, cancer and a film called Funeral Day. However, about a month ago I followed a tweet and several clicks later found myself on the crowdfunding page for Funeral Day on Seed&Spark.
Homeless Persons Memorial Day Honors Dignity, Worth Of People Without Shelter Whom We've Lost. 
Why The Hell Do I Deserve This?. I don't think I would have had the time to study what I've always wanted, start my own business, travel the world, give lectures in lots of different places and publish a children's book, without knowing that the most limited thing I've got is my time here on earth.
Holiday Traditions. This holiday I celebrate my faith and I give thanks for the gift of friendship.\u00a0I was never blessed with a silver spoon. Instead, I received friends who never cease to amaze me with their love and unfailing support.
Sewing The Fabric Of New Lives, One Stitch At A Time. ver 60,000 women work in more than 22 Red Light Districts in Kolkata, India, alone. Sarah and Kristin wanted to create an alternative for Pinkie, and for all of the women wanting to leave or were vulnerable to the sex industry.
Christmas Is Not Always a Time of Joy for New Parents. This staggering death toll of mothers and babies -- at least two-thirds of whom could be saved with adequate care -- represents one of the greatest health challenges of the 21st century.
Nurse Has Helped Thousands Of Homeless Pregnant Women Rebuild Their Lives. 
The Conflict Minerals Law. It is true that individuals and local economies have felt the sting of western companies' policies to require minerals that come from Congo, Rwanda, and the region to prove that they originate from conflict-free mines.
The Most Wonderful Time of the Year? When the Holidays Aren't So Jolly. To all of you who, like me, struggle through this time of year
The Best Way To Help Pakistan After The School Attack Is To Donate To Education. 
A Warm Welcome In Mumbai. 
Women Driving Motorbikes. Two of the staff are women and he treats them the same and pays them the same as the two men. But Eli, despite his formal education and three trips to the U.S., is still very conservative about male/female roles.
Telling Your Mental Health Story. Your mental health story is so important, tell and share it in my storytelling campaign #MyMentalHealthStory. Your story can make a big difference to someone struggling right now.
Caregiver Alert! You Need a Break. If you are not a caregiver but know someone who is, consider volunteering your services to give them a break from caregiving. Especially during the busy holiday season, the gift of respite is likely to be gratefully accepted.
11 Top-Rated Charities That Changed The World In 2014. 
Bags of Love. One of the best parts of my job at WorkerAnts.com is volunteering at various charities. I love finding new organizations and talking with people who are helping others.
Take the $100 Tip Challenge to Make Someone's Christmas and Your Own. We're giving to a person who is working hard and trying to support her family on minimum wage and $2 tips. But this moment of giving is not just for her -- it's also for us.
Robin Hood Foundation. \There is no more compassionate and effective way to help poor people in New York City than to give to Robin Hood.\
Barbara Bush. \I feel lucky to be able to work in a field with people who believe that we can solve problems and that the world can be better, even on a small scale helping one other person. It is electric and re-energizes me every day to want to do more too.\
Noise. We had a wonderful time and enjoyed all the attractions of that great city -- good hotels, excellent restaurants, exciting theater and world class museums.
How Your Friends Affect Your Charitable Donations This Holiday Season. Even among social media users, it's the messenger, not the medium, that's key to motivating social media users to donate to charity, suggesting that personal appeals from friends matter more than trending topics and gimmicks.
My Life at Frost Valley YMCA. Cody is one of the many people who have benefited from YAI's Mainstreaming at Camp Program, which offers inclusive, safe and caring summer camp opportunities to children with disabilities in partnership with Frost Valley YMCA.
Homeless Kids' Letters To Santa Remind Us Not Everyone Will Have A Happy Holiday (How To Help). 
A New Narrative for the Middle East. One minute, one camera, and one boy... is all it took to convey the tragedy of millions of childhoods lost to conflict in the Middle East.
A Response to Ferguson, 'I Can't Breathe,' 'The Gun Is Probably Fake'. America is becoming a majority of minorities. Hispanics are in a better position than black Americans, not only because they were motivated to come here, but their literary heritage wasn't stunted, although not well-developed.
How Has the Face of Homelessness Changed Since the Global Financial Crisis?. 
How To Honor The Legacy Of All 26 Newtown Shooting Victims. 
Reflecting on the First Decade of The Charles Bronfman Prize. Ten years ago we founded The Charles Bronfman Prize. The intent was to create an early recognition of endeavor, rather than a lifetime achievement award, as a way to amplify important work and make a difference in the careers of those working for social change.
Newtown -- Two Years Later. When people discuss school shootings, what immediately comes to mind are those like Sandy Hook that shatter entire communities within minutes, even seconds. And yes, mass shootings take a devastating toll, but they are not the only senseless acts of gun violence that threaten our schools.
Teaching Compassion After the Sandy Hook Elementary School Shooting. In the days and weeks following December 14, 2012 I was left reeling. I was searching for answers (that would never come), desperately trying to regain a sense of security and safety.
The Message Kroger Doesn't Want You to Hear. In a majority of states, it is completely legal to open carry a loaded gun in public without any training, permitting, or a background check.
Addressing the Real Threats. Today, Natalie is no longer concerned with pretend monsters because she learned -- in the worst way imaginable -- about the real threats to our families and communities.
A Prime Minister Gets the Innovation Ball Rolling. Today, almost every child in India enters primary education but the majority exit this pipeline without basic literacy skills. It will take decades before quality improvements in primary schools can guarantee that most children become good readers.
Redefining Happiness in India. So how can we learn to live with less? And maybe we should all be asking ourselves the question, \what is the definition of a good life?\
Downed Bridge Does Not Stop Convoy for Ukraine's Starving. Both government forces and the rebels were letting the convoy go through. But there was another obstacle close to their destination, a partially collapsed bridge. It was another casualty of war. Trucks could not pass.
Parents Can Stop School Shootings. We cannot ignore this simple truth
The Toughest Job in America is Being Unemployed. Ask anyone who has been out of work for an extended period of time, and you will surely hear that being unemployed is far more difficult than what their last job actually demanded of them.
Your Life, Your Health. My sister and I visited our friend there as we live relatively close by in Los Angeles. She was one of about 40 terminally ill patients from around the world who had struggled to raise the money to try this one last ditch attempt at life.
Teaching Artists. In my dual role as Director of Community Engagement and Teaching Artist at Luna Dance Institute in Berkeley, California I use the skills I honed on a daily basis -- talking, writing and teaching dance.
Generosity Around the World. 
7 Ways To Give Back In An Hour Or Less. 
How Your Snowman Sweater Can Change A Child's Life. 
Millions of Lives That Matter. Every day in the United States, with just the \click\ of a button millions of Americans apply for employment. It's so effortless, in fact, that I can type this piece, pause for one or two seconds and CLICK; I just applied for a job, in literally, a blink.
A Crow Didn't Touch Me, I Got My Period. It was this research and my own experiences that made me want to do something to change the situation, I didn't want to be ashamed about this and didn't want others to be.
Universal Health Coverage. Just as a patient with a weak immune system is more susceptible to disease, the Ebola crisis reminds us that a nation with a weak health system is more susceptible to epidemics.
A Child's Life After Human Trafficking. 
Scaling High Quality Teacher Education. For every child to have the opportunity to attain an excellent education, we need our teacher education to empower our teachers with belief in the potential of every child, to offer best-in-class pedagogical practices, and to enable them to take ownership of their own development journey.
These Moms Are Helping Knit The World's Largest Christmas Stocking For The Best Reason. 
Why I Raced 3,267 Feet Up a Mountain on Saturday Night. I've done a lot of seemingly crazy things in my life, usually for fun. Two years ago I donated a kidney to my husband out of love. And on Saturday night, I hiked 3,267 vertical feet up Aspen Mountain to support organ donation (well, and because there was lasagna and beer at the top).
Another Bite at the Apple. There is compelling evidence that monetary incentives to purchase fruits and vegetables work, and this new research suggests that they work in many different types of neighborhoods.
An Identity Found Through the Power of Community. After my accident, it would have been easy for me to give up. I'm proud that I didn't give up, that I expected so much from myself, and from my community.
Malawian Women Fight for Better HIV/AIDS Drugs. \The message I have to fellow women in Malawi
Hope Lives Here. Fleet Street is now an oasis in a place, which would otherwise seem desolate. Inspiration lies in the simplicity of this beautiful concept. It is hoped that the projects will continue to progress to other at-risk communities -- continuing to break down barriers while transforming lives.
Calling All Harry Potters, Bilbo Baggins and Katniss Everdeens. So come on all you Bilbo Baggins, Captain Ahabs, Harry Potters, Anne of Green Gables and Katniss Everdeens. I know you are out there and we need you to win this one. Because how this story ends affects us all.
A Global Meditation for World Peace, December 12, 2014. 
For $6 You Can Give a Coffee Tree and Help Empower 50 Widow-Led Families in Rwanda. For the past year, Kula\u00a0has been working in rural Rwanda developing relationships with farmers; learning about their greatest needs and getting their ideas on how to solve the community's most pressing problems.
To Those Whom Much Is Given, Much Is Expected. In the UK we live in one of the richest nations on earth. Yet it's also a country where the greatest predictor of educational success is your parent's income.
My Wheelchair Doesn't Define Me. It casts a shadow that's bigger than my body. It has left scars that run deeper than my flesh and bone. It haunts me -- but I know I wouldn't have the life that I have without it.
I Can Breathe; You Can Breathe -- Eric Garner Cannot. The root word for spirituality means \breath of life.\ It is the breath of life that feeds our humanity, our values, our sense of connection to all sentient beings, our spiritual pulse and our uniqueness as individuals. Our life needs spirit and our spirit needs breath.
6 Necessities That You Probably Take For Granted (But Many People Desperately Need). 
Competent, Caring Staff Crucial to Program Success. Among the hundreds of programs that scholar Ron Haskins examined for his persuasive new book on social policy, one stands out in his mind
South African Prison Rape Survivors Speak Out for the First Time. Thanks to Vincent, Francois and Thabo, South African prisoner rape survivors have, for the first time, been given a human face.
The Flip Side of Family Chaos. One wonders why the reality of giving thanks has to be accompanied by the jazz of human activity?
Who Are the Righteous?. 
Mo and the Movement. Dr. Ibrahim (let's just agree to call him Mo) opened the discussions with a charge
'Hero Of The Year' Reunites Soldiers With Stray Dogs They Befriended Overseas. 
Global Movement Against Child Marriage Grows Stronger. 
16 Days Of Activism. Only time will tell if the UN Refugee Agency's critical efforts will have the potency and persuasion to effect systemic change among these communities, but during these 16 Days of Activism we're thankful for every effort that combats this violence perpetuated against the world's most innocent and vulnerable populations.
No One Is Talking About the Source of Our Racial Divide. As well intentioned as we are in our dialogues and in our actions, the truth is as a society we haven't yet focused on the source of what has engendered the racial divide in the first place.
The Unwanted Guest. I have been blessed with this ESP. I gladly concede to this clairvoyant gift so long as my husband remains untouched -- but that is impossible. The demon is sewn to my husband's soul. We can lock him up, but he will never leave us.
A Response From One Conscious Woman Rising to Eric Garner's Death. Now with this fresh, open wound in the \city that never sleeps\ we have an opportunity to never fall asleep again and become conscious to our own source of power that gives us life to speak and act in truth that sets every person free.
Adorable Lip Dub With Puppies & Kittens Will Make You Want To Adopt A Pet. 
Battleground Main Street. The issue has become too big for us to ignore. American's have become less trusting of big business, big government, and big media. But what is most alarming is an intensifying loss of faith in each other.
Looking for a Job? Step Away From the Computer and Volunteer. Looking back, if there's one piece of advice I could offer to jobseekers this International Volunteer Day, it's that volunteering can have as much value for the volunteer as it does for the community or organization they serve.
Eight Years Later. I thought often, many times, after I left, that I should adopt Uriel.  If I had the means I would have done so.   I wondered what future I would have saved him from if I had.  He was 11, so smart, so rebellious, so angry...
This Formerly Homeless Man Is Making 'Huts' For Those Without Shelter. 
Report. 
We Can't Breathe, But We Can Get Organized in the Name of Eric Garner and Racial Disparity. 
Trauma and Resiliency. We salute all parents in the audience tonight who created families thru adoption, me included. November is National Adoption Month. I thank all of you who were inspired to support the kids \left behind\ after you adopted your children.
New Digital Storytelling Platform Helps Tell Stories for Social Good. \Strategic storytelling\ is a new notion
Why I Walk Barefoot. This is not your everyday classroom. And these are not your everyday students. This is The Barefoot College, an NGO which aims to empower rural communities to become sustainable and self-sufficient by creating Rural Solar Engineers.
Be a Joy Maker. Despite the traditional bustle we find ourselves in during the holiday season, let's pause for a moment and reflect on the last time someone shared joy with us. Whether someone shared a kind smile, held a door or offered a helping hand, it sure does feel good to recognize all of the joy.
Santa and Elf Fired After Refusing Photo With Autistic Girl and Pitbull. 
Fight Ebola. Reopen the Schools.. The Ebola crisis is not a health crisis. It is at its core a crisis of crushing poverty where health services are nonexistent or inadequate.
Home for the Holidays with a Grand Family. They had all the love in their hearts but not the dollars in the bank. And it takes money to raise a child.
Philanthropy Is... Following Your Heart!. Some years ago, I realized that if I was going to fulfill my childhood dream of volunteering overseas, it was now or never. Six months later, I was on my way to Uganda, having left my job and my life in London behind.
Meld the Best in Chinese and American Parenting to Inspire Both Nations' Children. We find Chinese teenagers who come to Hyde to prepare for American universities begin to emulate American values by expressing their unique potentials -- initiative, creativity and enterprise -- and become far more confident individuals, leaders and attractive candidates in careers beyond college.
A Shock to the System. Millions of children live outside of parental care and are warehoused in institutions. So many in fact, that we cannot even get an accurate count. Why?
An AIDS Quilt Songbook. On World AIDS Day in 2012, the New York City-based \artists' peace corps\ Sing for Hope marked the twentieth anniversary of the classical music world's first organized response to the AIDS crisis.
Can an Online Community for NGOs Help Reduce Duplication in the Field?. I am not sure how I stumbled upon the Practical Initiatives Network (PIN) website, but when I did I was thrilled to see it.
The World Halved Global Poverty In Just Two Decades. But Who Did It?. The prevalence of extreme poverty is steadily shrinking and the world is slowly getting better. But is the MDGs framework responsible for this progress?
WATCH LIVE. 
Can Social Business Be a Powerful Tool for Large Corporate Impact for Good?. FEMSA is turning to social entrepreneurship, to social businesses, because they understand that they will reach their sustainability goals and build stable, healthy communities much faster if they do so.
Changing Lives Through Science. When you find something you love, whether its science, writing or giving back, make sure you follow it for as far as it will take you and be persistent.
Living with HIV. Immediately, my mind began racing with questions
Beyond the Bounds of Conservation. Saving world heritage sites is one thing. Activating them as economic and social assets for the local community is another project altogether.
Bare-Handed Miracles (Pt 1 of 3). At the age of 8 I was given a vision.  At the time, the message came across in a time-stood-still-moment, an inner knowing.  Though it seemed the mission was special, I suspect that all of us, at one time or another, are similarly awakened to know why we are here and what our unique life purpose is.
Donating -- Is It the American Way?. 
Young People Most Affected by HIV Finally Gain Seat at the Table. Tailored and integrated youth-friendly HIV and sexual and reproductive health services for adolescents -- including those from the most marginalized groups -- must be prioritized if we are to bring about an end to AIDS.
Group Shows How Much Better World Would Be If Fortune 500 Donated Just 1% Of Revenues. 
Giving Tuesday - Learn from a Pioneer. On Tuesday, December 2, 2014, charities, families, businesses, community centers, and students around the world will come together for one common purpose
Feed a 'Silent Guest' on Giving Tuesday. When you sit down for a meal on Giving Tuesday, you can set aside a place for a \silent guest,\ one of the world's hungry. Then you could make a donation to a charity, the cost of feeding your \silent guest.\
Triumph in the Baja 1000 for the HeartGift Racing Team. This is the classic story of how not finishing first -- or second, or third -- or not even technically completing a racing event can still represent a triumph and be a touching story of true grit, determination and, above all, of selfless devotion to a cause.
For Ebola Response - Think Infrastructure, Not Donations. I have no doubt that those who give donations to charities or NGOs working in developing nations have good intentions and are trying to help; the problem is that, most times, this isn't the most effective way to help.
Democratization of Philanthropy Through Crowdfunding. Nonprofits that are used to relying on super donors writing hefty checks need to learn to embrace a better way
Young Global Leader Embraces Prison Reform. One recent event held by the Osborne Association, an organization that the Foundation supports, really opened my eyes on the need to offer assistance to both incarcerated individuals and their families.
Silence and Kindness in the Wake of #Ferguson. Every part of what is now just known as #Ferguson is a tragedy. Loss of life, loss of community, loss of businesses, loss of reputation, loss of faith. It has become something bigger than me, bigger than all of us, and represents many different struggles.
How Surfing Led Me to Give Back. Fifteen years ago I was excitedly packing my surfboards, destined for my first trip to the Disneyland of surfing, the Mentawai Islands. At the time I was on a roll, a successful doctor, climbing the corporate ladder.
Legally Blind Single Mother Living On $21,000 Is Just Grateful To Finally Have A Turkey This Year. 
Charity of Heart. Thanksgiving and Christmastime is here and the charity of heart is up. We wish for you that love light your way, that charity guide your heart, and that the optimistic cautionary tale be that your loved ones remain safe.
6 Ways You Can Give Back Like a Celebrity This Thanksgiving. Here are just a few of the ways some of our favorite celebrities and their families give back over the holidays. You can add some of this same star power to your Thanksgiving this year by getting together with your loved ones to help make someone else's Thanksgiving holiday special.
8 Things We Can Learn From the Events in Ferguson, Missouri. We can look to politicians or the judicial system for change, but in a representative democracy, the government doesn't change until the people it represents change. Here are eight things we can learn from the current situation in Ferguson, Missouri and the surrounding region.
A Virtual Friend For Pregnant Women Everywhere. 
Money Stories. Over the past 10 years, we have spoken to hundreds of people across North America and documented stories about life, work, passion and purpose from social disrupters, ethical innovators and positive changemakers.
If You Think Looters And Arsonists Are The Only Ones Protesting Ferguson, Think Again. 
From Soup to Skills. Most people think about soup kitchens on Thanksgiving, and there's no doubt that helping at a homeless shelter is a terrific way to give back on this day, and any day.
The Unlikely Story Of How Rugby Changed The Future For These Inner City Students. 
The Case for Collective Impact Strategies on the Local Level. A nonprofit doesn't need to be a huge, international organization in order to make its presence felt and make a difference in peoples' lives.
Revving for the Holidays. November is Native American Indian Month.  As we rev up for the first of seasonal festive Holidays - Thanksgiving - we may gratefully recall how much of this traditional feast - maize, corn, pumpkin, cranberries...- was introduced to our forebears by the original native population.
Meet The Men Who Are Saying 'No' To Violence Against Women. 
Immigration Flows Through My Veins. I am an American, a citizen of the United States of America. I will not forget how I got here.  I will not forget that my ancestors were welcomed. I, too, have immigration to this great country in my veins. I am very proud of it. And, I will not let it be forgotten.
Building Education Hubs in Emerging Markets. Providing a better education, that connects to the values of entrepreneurship and private sector skills, will be key for this generation -- as the WISE community knows well.
Education Over Ebola. While it is crucial that the rest of the world deliver medical aid to help Liberia meet the massive need for health care, the secondary consequences of the outbreak should not be ignored. Besides containing Ebola, Liberians need food and basic supplies. They need assistance for non-Ebola related health issues. They need creative solutions in education.
Why We Can't Ignore The Outliers. Ultimately, it's an important step in the vision to ensure access to clean, continuous water for everyone.. not just today, but forever.
Land Rights for Women Mean Progress for Communities. 
Can a Toilet Eliminate Sexual Violence and Protect a Girl's Education?. To our Western eyes, the pit latrines at Byimana Primary School looked like a set of brick ruins -- without roofs, open to the sky and weather, absent doorways, massive holes in the side walls -- leaving any user embarrassingly exposed.
The Value of a Toilet. 
Arresting Portraits Give Voices To Homeless People In America's Poorest Big City. 
10 Lessons I Learned While Working With Women Activists in Nepal. It's true that because of local and global inequalities most women I lived among in our village in Nepal didn't have the means to broadcast their voices far. But they still had voices -- many voices
Seeking. For nonprofits and social enterprises to be successful, we need passionate people with phenomenal skills in place.  Once you have made the decision that you're ready to dedicate your career to a specific social cause, it can be hard to know where to start.
Empowering Widows Across the World. 
A Poster Child for Love in the Middle East. As the trauma in Israel/Palestine rages on, I try to keep my focus on growing peace between people, far from politics, wherever I see the light. Meet my friend Tali. Her life story is more stunning than most, but it is what she does with her experience, that makes her a poster child for love.
The Worst Place in the World for a Child. Prison really is the worst place in the world to put a child. Which is why, as a response to juvenile criminality, it should only ever be considered a response of absolute last resort.
The Inspiration to Act Beyond the Buzzer, How Sports Inspire Change. The real winners in life aren't decided by the final score, who crosses the finish line first (or last), but rather how you choose to deal with the challenges presented to you.
Thanksgiving and a Billion Hungry Neighbors. Though it may test our American sensibilities to admit it, the truth is the group of Christians who founded America's first colony in 1607 in Jamestown did so under communist principles.
Homeless Group Books 100 Rooms At Radisson, Manager Says They're 'Not A Shelter'. 
Finding the Way to Go Forward Again. I had no background in social services, my master's degree was in business, not people. I was comfortable with numbers and logical solutions, not with stories and messy circumstances.
WATCH. 
Why Are Women and Children Still Dying?. Saving the lives of women and children takes financial resources, political will, and savvy advocates who are undaunted by the enormity of the challenges they face.
What Do You Get a Dying Person for Christmas?. Every year, Rene\u00e9 Smith's family draws names for their Christmas gift exchange. It just so happened that in 2012, it was Rene\u00e9's turn to buy a gift for her sister-in-law Patti.
Turning Obstacles Into Opportunities. I want to show the world that people with disabilities much more like everyone else than many realize. I want to focus on ABILITIES!
Homeless Man's Day In The Life Video Challenges Stereotypes Of Those Living On The Street. 
This 5-Year-Old Gives Homeless Kids Care Packages That Make Them Feel Right At Home. 
Suicide. What is happening in the male brain that's causing them to think that ending their life is the right decision? Is it all just chemical? Is this a nature vs. nurture situation? Is it cultural
Ebola, Africa and the Fight to Protect Childhood. It knows no socio-economic boundaries. Blind to race, gender and religion, it's infected thousands and infiltrated public consciousness like nothing in recent memory.
World Prematurity Day 2014. Investing in healthcare for women and children contributes directly to the socio-economic development and security of families, communities and nations. Within a generation, it is possible to bring an end to preventable maternal and newborn deaths with sustained commitment.
It's Time To Fulfill The Promise To End Violence Against Women. Globally, one in three women will experience physical or sexual violence at some point in her life. The World Health Organization has declared violence against women to be a global health problem of epidemic proportions.
Swimming Toward a Brighter Future. Have you ever wondered how you got to a certain point in your life and what event, idea, or person may have led you down the path you now follow? My introduction into the world of autism was entirely unexpected and unplanned.
Tolerance for Women and Girls in Afghanistan, Not Silence. Shukria Barakzai -- Afghan feminist leader, member of parliament, and outspoken politician who was critical of Taliban -- was targeted for assassination this week. She survived. But three bystanders, including a young girl, did not. Shukria was hunted to be silenced because she had a voice.
Love Gives. When it comes to giving, Canadians are known to be quietly generous year-round. Being generous is even more important over the holiday season, especially when it comes to giving to children in need.
In Alaska, Bizarre Final Days, Suicide of Ex-Iditarod Musher Leave Friends Stunned. Mushing guide and former Iditarod competitor Dario Martinez was found hanging from a tree in downtown Anchorage on Thursday, a day after Alaska State Troopers and Anchorage Animal Care and Control removed 12 malnourished dogs and one dead one from his tour business here.
Belated But Essential Steps to Respect. When the people we entrust with our health and wellbeing use the term \retarded,\ they grant legitimacy to a word that has been deemed offensive by the culture at large.  They cause harm to the very people they have pledged to heal.
Women Leaders Talk Personal. Becoming a true philanthropist is a journey of self-discovery. It is also an invitation to take part in social transformation - when individuals and communities are changed for the better. The act of giving touches both the giver and the recipient; each one is changed as a consequence.
The Most Generous Country In The World Is.... 
Black Friday Is Weird. The riot explodes at my feet. I scream and tear for any exit, through arms and faces and sweat. With the next pound of my heartbeat, I suddenly understand the fight for life or death. Ah yes. I have seen this before.
WATCH. 
Gratitude Speaks. Gratitude Speaks creates worlds. Gratitude Speaks brings forth what has not existed before. It's wild, and free, and magical.
Tiny Houses For Homeless People Put Roofs Over Heads In Time For The Holidays. 
6 Things Pregnant Women Can Do To Lower The Risk Of Premature Birth. Baby Nga was born at home in her mother's bed. They weren't sure exactly what day she was due to arrive, but they knew that this day was too early; the midwife shook her head with fading hope that the infant would make it.
The $65 Dollar \Solution\. Thanksgiving is one of those holidays when we tend to think about the less fortunate, and this year, I'll be thinking specifically about two numbers
The Unfulfilled Potential of Diapers. There are innovators working to give moms and dads the nudge they need to keep the conversation going even in the inevitable moments of exhaustion and frustration.
Dying From Cancer, 11-year old's Last Wish Feeds the Hungry. Eleven year-old Natalia Marsh-Welton had a mission. Not even terminal brain cancer was going to stop her. Natalia was determined to help the hungry and homeless.
10 First-World Problems That Will Put Things In Perspective. 
Bullying Prevention. We can't just focus on turning kids from bystanders to \upstanders\ whenever bullying occurs
WATCH. 
When There's No Going Home. It's high time that we understand the lost human capital of foster care children and be proactive in our approach to to usher them into adulthood -- really, just another three to five years -- the right way.
Helping Hands Ease the Way. It was two weeks before my senior year of high school when my brother at the age of 25, passed away from Leukemia. That day changed my life forever.
Insite Loves People Right Where They Are. One of the most common phrases homeless services nonprofits or faith based ministries say is
Joan Rivers Explores the Dark Side of Adoption. As the nation learned of the death of the beloved comic icon, I recalled my meeting with Joan Rivers when I was a guest on her short-lived a daytime talk show in March 1990.
The Pathway to Recovery from Childhood Trauma. I am not my PTSD. I never was - and never will be - crazy. The trauma therapy, however hellish, is a pill I must swallow. Through it, I will heal. The darkness in my life will, someday soon, brighten, and I will excel when that time comes.
Helping Those Who Have Sacrificed So Much. In my philanthropy work, I focus my fundraising efforts on providing direct financial assistance to catastrophically injured members of the military (amputees) and their families.
A Brothers' Battle Against Heroin Addiction. It's a subject that hits close to home for two brothers from Abington. Robert \R.J.\ Ronan, 24, is a recovering heroin addict who has died and been resuscitated six times. Josh Ronan, 20, has found motivation in his brother's addiction and gives talks to students on drug abuse.
Can G20 Leaders Pull Together in Brisbane to End Financial Secrecy and Curb Corruption?. The world will be watching the G20 leaders in Brisbane this weekend (November 15-16) to see if they can address the world's slow economic growth, the problem of anonymous companies, and global inequality.
'Your Blood Tested Positive for Ebola. I Am Sorry.'. As I lay on my bed in that isolation ward, strangely, I did not fear for my life. I was confident that I would leave that ward some day. There was an inner sense of calm. I did not for a second think that I would be consumed by the disease.
G20 Leaders Must Turn the Tide on Inequality and Climate Change. The two great challenges of our time -- inequality and climate change -- are threatening to undermine the efforts of millions of people to escape poverty and hunger. By concentrating wealth and power in the hands of a few, inequality robs the poorest people of the support they need to improve their lives.
Getting Children Out of Poverty Requires a Two-Generation Approach. A new strategy is emerging that recognizes the importance of creating opportunity for the entire family, coordinating programs and policies so that parents and children have a chance to succeed -- together.
This Jewelry Brand Has Destroyed 40,000 Illegal Weapons Through Its Charitable Giving. 
A Great Recipe for Positive Social Change. Those who have gotten their hands dirty planting trees or mentoring underserved youth are far more likely to be actively engaged citizens throughout their lives. They will be the ones who will sign petitions, lead protests, give voice to the voiceless, and simply refuse to sit on the sidelines. That's a pretty big \win-win.\
To the Ladies Who Still Dream of Being Superheroes. Just as the best part about the Justice League was that it combined the unique power of each individual superhero and made them better by acting together, the MCC2014 brought together different real-life heroes from around the globe and gave them a place to be better together.
The Tradeoffs of Tax Dodging. To fund essential services and tackle global inequality, we must ensure that companies pay their fair share of taxes. A first step is to compel corporations to publicly report where they earn their profits and where they pay taxes -- so-called country-by-country reporting.
How Tech Giants Are Helping to #StopEbola. Indeed, 2.5 million children under five are living in the hardest-hit areas across the region, and 75 percent of all children infected in the current epidemic have died. Even those who are not infected themselves risk losing their parents to this terrible disease and often end up alone and ostracized by their communities.
Men Behaving Badly. All the bad news about men behaving badly offers us an opportunity to speak out, to ask the deeper questions, to redirect the messages our boys and young men are getting from a patriarchal and reptilian-brain-driven culture that is dangerous to women and men, children and the Earth.
Give the Gift of Education on Giving Tuesday. Without the opportunity to learn, people -- especially youth -- are less likely to feel secure, hopeful for the future or invested in their community.
Pakistan's 'I Am Not Malala Day' Denounces Nobel Peace Prize Winner. 
World Prematurity Day. World Prematurity Day is a day to honor the mothers, grandmothers and young girls who have endured a premature birth. It is a day that gives a voice to the one million lives lost too soon in 2013.
G20 Leadership on Beneficial Ownership Is Good for Business, and the World. There is a way to help stop the corrupt and criminal from getting away with these acts
The Road Less Traveled.... I do not take it lightly when I say that I have dedicated my life to saving Promise and the countless other Promises and families that are affected by this terrible crisis. Therefore, from my heart to yours, I ask you to join us.
Moving Past the Thanks. My military family now numbers 21 million -- the number of veterans we commemorate today. These heroes deserve to be thanked for their tremendous service to their country. But, like many civilians, often veterans are uncomfortable being singled out. So what to do?
No Shave November. Each of us avoids shaving for 1 to 30 days this month and makes a contribution equal to (or lots higher than) we would have spent on haircuts during that time. And we can also encourage friends who comment on our extra hair that they too should make a contribution.
How to Connect With Others. If we had not taken the time to have our ambassadors deliver lights in person, taking the time to get to know the families and communities, we would have lost something. This was only possible through the human interaction.
Taking the Time to Learn in Transition. 
Stop Ebola With Deep Dialogue, Not Bullhorns. Strangers are driving through rural regions of Sierra Leone with bullhorns, shouting instructions about how to stay safe from the Ebola virus. Their intentions may be admirable, but their tactics are probably ineffective. Loud voices do not always get heard.
Love Jihad, Rape and Teen Sex. Three stories, three continents, one message
Veteran's Day. Commemorations are good. It is good to stand with eyes lowered and to hear the bell ring and the bugle sound. The only danger is that in honoring the veterans, both living and dead, we will let our feelings be cheapened into flag-waving sentimentality.
It Shouldn't Be This Hard To Be A Female Veteran In America. 
The Harsh Reality Women Face When Coming Home From War. 
Veteran Employment Is Our #1 Priority. I realized that if we could match up military skills and training with civilian job requirements we could literally change the lives of 18 million veterans in the U.S. workforce.
How Do We Unlearn the Lies Learned In Childhood?. Every day we have opportunities to unlearn lies we may have learned.  Many of the lies that we believe about ourselves were seeded in childhood.  Especially if you grew up in violent home.  A home in which the violence could have been physical or nonphysical.
Taking Veterans' Concerns Seriously. While our country continues to fall short of ideal in keeping our commitments to our veterans, I am optimistic that Congress and Veterans Affairs have together taken steps in the right direction.
What Veterans Remember. On a day marked to honor our veterans and to commemorate the sacrifices made by these great men and women, we need to take a moment to give voice to those who still live in the shadows of war.
These Are The Questions Veterans Are Tired Of Hearing. 
An Invitation for Civilians to Join in Community With Veterans This Veteran's Day and Beyond. As we gather this Veterans Day to honor those who have served our country on our behalf, let us challenge ourselves to do more for veterans than simply reflect on their sacrifice one day a year.
Praise for the American Soldiers Who Saved My Father From a Death Train. 
Philippines. 
Males Circumcised To Reduce HIV Risk In Mozambique Shift Gender Norms Surrounding Sex. 
A Less Discussed Take on Cyberbullying. Sixty percent of Internet users said they witnessed someone being called offensive names; 53 percent have seen efforts to purposefully embarrass someone; and 24 percent witnessed someone being harassed for a sustained period of time
Thanksgiving for Refugees. Go to a Thanksgiving meal for refugees. Or go bigger
A TEDx Talk on Beauty and Life Extension Science. What is happening to our species is we are becoming far more than just human. All around us incredible advances in technology are changing and improving us.
Understand Human Nature, Protect Human Rights. \Compassionate empathy\ is what the advocates for any cause want to ignite in their supporters. That's also the biggest challenge in advocacy
Remembering Our Veterans More Than Just One Day a Year. Hiring a wounded warrior can be one of smartest business decisions a company can make. A veteran's commitment to getting the job done and his or her discipline in the workforce is unsurpassed.
Children's Right to Education. In Mexico, one out of every two teenagers won't finish high school. In India, only a third of students get their high school diploma. Even in the U.S., around 5500 high schoolers will drop out before the end of the day.
Fossil Fuel Companies Must Evolve or Perish. Fossil fuel companies -- much like your stubborn, elderly relative that refuses to change his eating habits despite the doctor's warnings of a heart attack -- have a choice to make. They can either begin to pivot out of high-cost, high-polluting projects to the clean energy sources that will fuel our future, or they can wait until it's too late.
What Does Transparency Mean To You?. Our end goal is more ethical and sustainable manufacturing of what we wear and eat, and the devices we use to communicate. Transparency is one of the ways we can achieve it. By plugging workers in to the conversation, companies not only build trust, they bring light to places that have been invisible for too long.
Life and Death in Hope. It's 8 a.m. on a Saturday, and I'm standing under a heavy sky in a muddy yard behind a three-story structure of hand-hewn limestone in the middle of nowhere. Everything feels wrong.
How I Realized Child Hunger Hits Everyone Close To Home. Child hunger in America is often something you don't \see\ or suspect is close to you, but I found myself in an affluent area I knew quite well, interviewing hungry kids who live just blocks away from million dollar homes. I realized for the first time, 'If child hunger can exist here, it can exist anywhere.
Helping High-Need Families Stay Housed and Together. 
Using the Data Revolution for Mutual Accountability & Transparency in the Era of Sustainable Development. Recognizing that we as global citizens, are, at a critical inflection point in global sustainable development, in the design and implementation of data revolution 2.0, to ensure better data for better programming, delivery and mutual accountability.
Education Will Make Pakistan's Youth an Asset. These are major steps in the process of reform. Pakistan's sizable youth population could be the nation's greatest asset -- or its biggest liability. It is in all of our best interests to make sure they get the education they need to make the right choices.
Sales Of 8-Year-Old's Book Near $1 Million, And Every Penny Goes Toward Best Friend's Disease. 
How To Use Big Data As A Force For Social Good. There is some (justified) skepticism around non-profits because many can't demonstrate their impact. However, you can eliminate doubt by being powerfully transparent and using data to tell your story.
Pick Your Poison. Combating malaria is a tricky tradeoff in Mozambique. The mosquito-born illness is the leading killer of children, and the CDC-supported ministry of health is aiming to change that with a door-to-door campaign to spray the insides of homes with repellant.
Where Should I Study Abroad?. As I am often speaking with students about the concept of \learning service\ and encouraging them to prioritize global \learning\ and development education prior to jumping straight into international \service,\ I often get the question, \Where should I study abroad?\
Losing Our Fears So We Don't Lose Ourselves. America is so much better than we sometimes think we are. Fear makes us forget this. It makes us smaller when we have the chance to be expansive. We have the chance to rally around exporting the best of who we are.
Scooping International News While Empowering Women. Once upon a time, a young American woman landed her dream job -- and then gave it to someone else. Nine years later, she's creating a sustainable new model for international journalism that provides jobs and empowers women all over the world.
What Is Needed for Youth Entrepreneurship in MENA?. Youth entrepreneurship is of particular importance in MENA. Officially, one in four young people (aged 18-29) in the region's labor market do not have jobs and one in ten adults find themselves in the same position.
A Sad Day for Girls, Women and Human Rights. This is a sad day for human rights and especially for female children. Today Boko Haram gleefully announced that the 200 schoolgirls they kidnapped months ago have been \converted\ to Islam and \married off.\
Homeless People Tweeting in Amsterdam. As I normally do on most speaking trips, I fill my luggage with Hanes socks and plan on spending some time on the streets meeting new homeless friends. What happened this trip still blows my mind.
Critical Key to Stopping Ebola? Mobile Phones. The impact of mobile applications is growing and it's not just for Angry Bird enthusiasts and eBay shoppers anymore - but also for innovators working to create a freer, healthier more prosperous world.
100,000 Kids Are Sold Into Sex Trafficking In The U.S. Every Year. 
If HUD Were in Charge of Ebola, 10 Percent of Us Would Be Bleeding From Our Eyes by Now. These guys at the Dept. of Ed., they're more like the Ebola scientists we hope are working on the problem -- testing for homelessness, and treating those afflicted. They don't use limiting definitions or expect people to prove a negative. Consequently they get a much more accurate picture of the problem. And still they fall short.
Report. 
My Language of Business. So why do we use very different language in business than in our personal lives?
Will You Make Time to Help Make a Difference in the World?. Which cause will I choose in order to make a difference? I'm not quite sure. But whatever it may be you can be sure that it will be something I believe in.
Halloween. Halloween
5 Reasons Malala Yousafzi Will Inspire You. Malala not only is sharing a cause she would die for ... she is spearheading a movement that has already came close to claiming her life, but keeps moving full speed ahead. May we all find a cause so dear to us, that we continue self-assured, despite all obstacles.
Vet-to-Vet. As Veterans Day approaches, I wanted to highlight a couple of veterans' successes by sharing stories that show the importance of vet-to-vet connection and what can happen if treatment and housing options are available to help vets rebuild their lives.
Cut Your Water Use by 99 percent for One Day and Watch Things Get Weird. The goal of the 4Liters Challenge is to \give participants and their social communities new insight into the value of water and the hardships of life without it,\ by asking people to survive on 4 liters of water for an entire day.
Yoga. 
A Decade of a Silent Genocide. Riyad is just one of many people who have seen extreme atrocities in their own families. His life and the lives of his family members illustrate the fate of Assyrians/Chaldeans/Syriacs and other indigenous people of Iraq. Before the war in Iraq, Riyad's family had a good life in Mosul. Then came the U.S. invasion and the fall of Saddam.
Is Treating 350 Million with Depression Critical to Global Development?. There are evidence based, effective treatments for depression. Yet still people aren't getting treated. Why? We believe it starts at the top. Our leaders must make eradicating depression a priority.
A Simple Online Tool That Helps Builds Homes And Futures. What I've come to understand is that the meaning of home is very personal. And because it's personal and filled with emotions we all share, each person can empathize with someone else who doesn't have a home.
Volunteers At New Ebola Unit 'Love' Their Work. 
Ebola Fears Should Not Blind Us to Compassion... or Common Sense. Along with Ebola in Africa, there's been an outbreak of hysteria in Washington.
Lessons From My Father. For the 3.7 million low-income young people in America who are not in school or employed, education is crucial for their success. It can break both the social barriers that they have become accustomed to and the cycle of poverty.
The Real Noah's Ark. A bear, a lion and a tiger. The closest shared genre is of course the tiger and the lion, but in the jungle, they would never mingle. They would probably ignore each other and mind their own territory, or fight over food if they encountered a common prey.
Mental Illness Is a Global Crisis, Not Just a Disease of Rich Nations. For Francis in Ghana, mental illness led to him being held captive with his legs shackled through a hole carved in a log. Sadly, stories like this are not uncommon among the 450 million people suffering from mental disorders in low and middle-income countries.
California Fit. Connecting and serving the community is part of our core values at the Los Angeles Lakers organization.
Grateful for a Gift That Is Repairing the World. What I could not have imagined at the time, and what continues to amaze me still, is how this gift has continued to pay dividends, year after year, as we welcome each new laureate into our prize family.
Full-Circle Friendship Rooted in Triple Negative Breast Cancer. Working countless hours without pay, often using their own money for travel and office supplies, the founding moms refused to give up on the fledgling organization that quickly became a beacon of hope for everyone affected by this disease. Their young girls watching every step of the way.
Taking Action for Veterans With Disabilities in October. Putting veterans with disabilities back to work enables them to continue to be contributing, productive members of society, and helps to educate others about service and sacrifice -- and that's healthy for a community as a whole.
Supporting Family Farmers in 2014 and Beyond. Throughout 2014, Food Tank has been honored to collaborate with numerous organizations around the International Year of Family Farming (IYFF).
A New Twist on the Get-Out-the-Vote Message. If you want to feel really good on the Wednesday after Election Day, regardless of the results of the vote, wake up knowing that you brought something extra to our national exercise of people power.
5 Solutions To The Youth Unemployment Crisis You Probably Haven't Thought Of. 
Remarkable New Documentary on Burma's Children. This week's release of All You Need Is Love, narrated by Sigourney Weaver, produced and directed by Stuart Cameron, and featuring the work by California's Muse School, will serve as a wake-up call for Americans whose knowledge of Burma's multiple crises is minimal.
Celebrating Pro Bono Month. Voluntary service to people in need is a deep tradition of the legal profession. Here in Massachusetts, it is clear that equal access to justice has come to depend on the pro bono services of attorneys.
Yasmin Altwaijri. As one of Saudi Arabia's most senior scientists, Yasmin Altwaijri leads epidemiology research at King Faisal Specialist Hospital and Research Centre in Riyadh. She's been a pioneer in spearheading countrywide studies measuring obesity, diabetes, and mental health issues in Saudi Arabia.
Beyond Carbon. 
On Food Day, a Penny for the American Farmworker. Nearly all of the produce we eat in the United States is handpicked. Machines don't harvest our fresh lettuce, peaches, cherries, carrots, etc. People do. And as one can imagine, that work is difficult.
Most People Shouldn't Give To Charity And Don't Have To Feel Guilty About It. 
It's About Making an Impact. Money is important, but ultimately, it's about making an impact and personal fulfillment. For me, that comes from other people being fulfilled and feeling empowered.
Why It's Time for Tech and Travel to Intersect for Impact. With a plethora of activists and social entrepreneurs roaming the world as engaged global citizens, the travel industry as a vehicle for social change seems like a no brainer.
The Case for a Sustainability Plan in Business. Our view couldn't be more different. We believe that sustainability is both a moral and commercial imperative.
Going Beyond The Numbers. The key to success is to forget the notion that diversity is a tactic, and instead recognize it as a company value - something that is embedded in the organization from the top down, through and through. It is how you engage with and view the world, how you do business and how you treat every employee, colleague, customer and stakeholder.
Eight Things I Wish I Had Known As an 11-Year-Old. through my nonprofit and advocacy work, I find myself speaking to and mentoring young women and girls at middle schools and high schools, predominantly on body image and self-acceptance.
Partnerships Key to Fighting Ebola Crisis. Partnerships can provide the essential training and tools needed to combat the outbreak.  And infrastructure that's put in place to strengthen health systems for one challenge can be repurposed and fortified for another.
A Silver Lining for the Ebola Crisis?. The dark cloud that is the Ebola epidemic hanging over West Africa, and moving into Europe and the United States, could have a silver lining if global leaders have the wisdom and courage to act.
Think Beyond the Mailroom for Disability Hiring. People with disabilities in America are job-ready, college-educated and experienced professionals for whom working in a call center or in an assembly line wouldn't align with their valuable and hard-earned education and experience.
Are We Disenchanted With Women's Empowerment?. A few weeks ago, I was sitting in a room full of women philanthropists at the Women Moving Millions Summit in New York where the theme was 'power' and how it can be used to transform the lives of girls and women worldwide.
A Gamechanger. The two activists were born nearly a half century apart with different religions and to different countries, yet their work goes hand in hand since child laborers need to have someone also championing their right to equitable, quality education.
It's OK to Beat Her, Just Don't Kill Her. In rural Tanzania, it is OK to beat your wife. Women are powerless and ashamed to even discuss these beatings with their family or friends.
Waves of Valor. After attending the August 9th surf camp, which for me gave new meaning to the expression \fun in the sun\ I couldn't wait for the next one; the final surf camp at Chico State Beach in Huntington Beach which was on Sept 27th.
Taking Action Against Trafficking and Modern Day Slavery. Anti-Slavery Day was created by Act of Parliament in order to raise awareness of modern slavery and help mobilize efforts to eliminate all forms of slavery.
The Leaders of Now. For the moment, \only\ 3 billion people are connected to the internet. But this will change pretty fast, especially in lean countries. 78% own a smartphone in Latin America, 84% in Western Europe and 79% in US.
The Children Will Lead Us. It's time to engage in a global detox, by removing weapons from the hands of man and youth alike, let us build schools, hospitals, libraries, infrastructure in war torn countries. Lets offer assistance wherever it's needed. Lets listen to youth, it is indeed, their world.
Stop Freaking Out About Ebola and Support the Troops (A Note From a Military Girlfriend). We, as citizens of this incredible nation, must rise to the task of supporting those who will be at the front lines of eradicating Ebola. Our Soldiers are representing America in a noble mission that is difficult and necessary in order to protect our country and the greater global society.
Food Prices Skyrocketing In Ebola-Hit Countries, Families Down To 1 Meal A Day. 
Adam Braun, Founder of Pencils of Promise. Adam Braun is a New York Times bestselling author and the Founder of Pencils of Promise, an award-winning organization that has broken ground on more than 200 schools around the world.
World Food Program Was Forced To Cut Aid To 1 Million People.. Just In Time For World Food Day. 
We Can End Hunger in This Lifetime. As World Food Day focuses attention on global hunger, we find ourselves at a crossroads of opportunity and risk.
What ALL Pregnant Women Should Absolutely Do For The Health Of Their Child. 
Small & Big. Small is compact and constricted, always seen in comparison to big. The current global scenario demands an existence of both in equal forms. Small maybe frowned upon in terms of size, but it is the reason why big exists.
Free Cancer Retreats. From the moment I set foot in the great lodge, I felt like a cradled soul. The counselors and house Moms took my symbolic hand and led me. Over the course of three days, I joined with other people who had lost their spouses.
A Mother's Fight for Her Son. Last summer, Carolyn \Carri\ Stearns, 38, lost her father. She sought the comfort of friends \to just forget for one night. Losing my dad was a nightmare.\ In a moment of grief and stress, a supportive hug became a momentary lapse of judgment.
On Living With Depression, and the Dangers of Our Culture of Silence. We cannot continue down this path when it comes to understanding and responding to mental illness, depression, and suicide. We have to do better, for the sake of the people suffering from mental illnesses, and for the sake of society, as a whole.
These Harrowing Numbers Prove Hunger Is Far More Of A Dire Issue Than We Realize. 
Looking at Voluntary Medical Male Circumcision in the Field. Voluntary medical male circumcision has made definite inroads in Tanzania through years of initial pilot projects, awareness and education campaigns, and a scale-up of VMMC services provided in health facilities and in mobile units. The approach seems to be working.
Creative Solutions to Crises -- Through Play. We must reinvent rusty old conflict models, or we will never escape the vicious cycle of war countering war. Violence isn't the answer to seemingly intractable problems. And yet, we're only as brilliant as the tools we've learned to use.
7 Steps to Hand-wash Laundry and Challenge the Capitalist Patriarchy. 
One Man's Quest for Standardized Electronic Health Records. The Kanters' recipe for a long, healthy life is moderation in all things, a good diet and regular exercise. And standardized electronic health records could go a long way toward longer lives for everyone.
Filling The Gap in Social Innovation. 
#ENDFGM. The World Health Organization defines FGM as any of a range of procedures (four major types) that \intentionally alter or cause injury to the female genital organs for non-medical reasons.\
Promoting Malala's Vision for Youth Through Global Dignity Day. Given the widespread use of social media and text messaging, one of the most common themes being discussed is bullying, where at least half of teens worldwide have been bullied online in the last few years.
The Local Women Who Hold Up the Sky in Syria. Gender issues go largely unreported in times of war. As soon as the civil unrest in Syria went violent, women disappeared as subjects in media stories. The Syrian Female Journalist Network wants to change this.
Ganging Up Against Gender Violence!. Young girls are always denied the opportunity to enjoy their childhood as a result of certain traditions that have deep roots in our communities. Every year about three million African girls suffer female genital mutilation (FGM) around the globe.
Five Reasons to Prioritize Social Impact Investing. While international and domestic problems bombard us daily, strong signals indicate that a new kind of revolution is afoot that has the potential to open doors to people who have been left out of jobs, and the mainstream economy.
How Is a Girl's Worth Actually Determined?. The possibilities of shaping one's character are limitless and only bound by the borders we set for ourselves -- so why is it that girls are marginalized, discriminated against, and still not valued the same as boys?
Positive News. Since Jan. 1, 2013, The Pollination Project has been giving daily micro grants to emerging projects and inspiring people all over the world. Here are the extraordinary people and projects that our Daily Giving Community is honored to support this week.
The Ebola Crisis. This may be the 21st century, but we're still finding that culture, customs and religion continue to have as strong a pull in the opposite direction as science and facts.  But Ebola can be halted with education, safe practices and infection control. And that is a message we must continue to underline.
The Story of Trauma in Indian Country Needs White World Access. Point of view is everything. Whether one is referring to the crafts of of screenwriting, poetry, or journalism, the eye of the storyteller is a window to a previously unobserved universe. The art of \telling\ embodies spiritual responsibility.
Losing Control of My Car and My Life. In all my decades of driving, I've never had anything but a minor fender bender just minutes from my house--until last weekend when I apparently skidded off rainy I75 near Flint, Michigan, onto a grassy median and blacked out.
A Reason to 'Sing for Hope'. There are no better words to describe the volunteers and residents of Bering Omega Community AIDS Services, whom we honor each year with our song. The loss of my friend Frank connected me to this community, and this community connected me to something essential in this art of ours.
Girls Are Everyday Heroes. What are their super powers? Education. Healthcare. Clean Water. Nutrition. Peace. Strength. Love. Determination.
Girls Deserve the Chance to Reach Their Dreams. On this International Day of the Girl, let us shelter and support young girls' dreams, and help those millions of tiny flames become a sun that lights the sky.
8 Truths About Violence Against Girls. Plus Who's Fighting It And What You Can Do. 
Global Development's Latest Challenge. They say those who can't do, teach. But those who can do neither? They attend conferences.
Inside The Heart Of An Epidemic. One little girl I met, seven-year-old Elizabeth, was living under a house with her older brother just steps away from where their mother's body had been taken over a month ago. They had come and burned all their belongings and sprayed down the room but the children would not go back inside. While they survived the 21-day incubation period, they now faced the prospect of starvation and stigma as people in their town are too scared to even look at them.
International Day of the Girl. In this crucial period of political transition and troop withdrawal at the end of the year, it is imperative that young Afghan girls are empowered with the skills, knowledge and courage to stand up to violence perpetrated against them.
Are You Living Life to the Fullest?. This driver's short question made me rethink it all in a matter of a few seconds. Yes, this man was elderly and needed assistance, but what was stopping this 92-year-old from living life with all he's got?
World Mental Health Day. With counseling and psychosocial support, young lives devastated by war and childhoods violently taken away can be reclaimed. We see it happen when they begin to smile again, laugh again, and play again.
Community Engagement for Collective Impact. People who run collective impact efforts say one of their toughest tasks is keeping community engagement going beyond the \summits\ where everyone gets fired up. What does it mean to keep communities engaged in the mission that they've signed on for?  Why is it so hard to do this well?
Dignity in Nutrition. As a global public health nutrition professional, an important day on my agenda is World Food Day, as it provides me an opportunity to rally my friends, colleagues and nutrition advocates to reflect on what a world free from hunger and malnutrition would look like.
How National Service Can Help Communities And Build A Stronger Workforce. Young Americans today are facing the crisis of unraveling traditional communities and social structures. In fact, 1 million students drop out of school each year, and 17 percent of youth aged 16 to 24 are out of school and work.
'The Future Of Africa Is At Stake'. 
A New Approach to Profits. As the world's social and environmental challenges multiply, committing to sustainability has moved higher up the corporate agenda.
Interview with Wendell Pierce, Part Three. We're holding Health Month on the JBF blog. In this post, we conclude our extended interview series with actor and activist Wendell Pierce, exploring his views on potential solutions to issues of food access, both locally and globally.
Football's Black Eye. Presumably, the idea of an elevator speech is that 30 seconds is the time it takes to hold someone \captivated\ as they wait for their destination. Elevator speeches came before Twitter, and as such, are a form of an in-person tweet.
7 Reasons Why We Are Fascinated With the #IceBucketChallenge. When we think about what makes a successful viral campaign, there are several \must haves\ in order for the campaign to be a success.
From Soho House to Skid Row. Every time I walk in the door of this free afterschool program, I get happy. It's a bright, joyful classroom filled with children laughing. Do you have any idea how rich a child's laugh can sound when it comes from a child with no place to call home?
So, You Say You Don't See Race? We Need to Talk. When you tell people of color you don't see race, you are telling them you don't see their history or their story. You don't see what they and their families have lived through. You don't see them.
Food Rx. JBF Award-nominated chef and restaurateur Seamus Mullen shares his personal struggles and triumphs with food and health.
The Tragic Cost of Family Detention. The Administration's recent expansion of family detention comes at a tragic and horrific cost. This week, allegations of sexual abuse and assault were revealed inside Immigration and Customs Enforcement's new family detention center.
b condoms Seeking FAA Permission to Test Drones for 'Homeland Security Program'. b condoms feels that the Homeland Security Program could also address the rate of unwanted teenage pregnancies in rural areas; teen girls living in rural counties account for 20% of teen births, although they only account for 16% of the population.
Don't Just Sit on a Board. I am a true believer in the power of boards.  I have seen strong and courageous boards pull organizations away from the brink, and I have seen weak and disengaged boards allow an organization to languish.
Neighborhood Revitalization Brings Hope to Families and Communities. Building a house isn't always enough of a hand up. Sometimes the entire community needs to get involved. We refer to this as neighborhood revitalization, and it is integral to our work.
The World Is In Desperate Need Of 4 Million More Teachers. 
Abortion in Texas. With the closing of 13 abortion clinics in Texas, one out of six Texas women seeking an abortion will have to travel 150 miles or more. But one out of six? That's only a small fraction, according to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
The Gentle Barn. It was a beautiful, sunny, breezy Sunday in Los Angeles when my son Michael and I drove north into the foothills to spend some time at the Gentle Barn.
Ebola Aid Workers Shocked By WHO's 'Amateurism'. 
Return to Sobib\u00f3r. If there was ever any doubt about the enormity of the crimes the Nazis perpetrated at Sobib\u00f3r, it should now forever disappear.
How to Save a Girl's Life With the Power of Literacy. It is about cultivating a love of reading, writing and learning. It is about finding new layers of meaning in our lives through the stories we read, and the stories we tell about our experiences.
These Harrowing Numbers Prove We're Far From a Gender-Equal World. 
Interview With Wendell Pierce, Part One. Although he's best known for roles on hit television shows like The Wire and Treme, actor Wendell Pierce is also a dedicated food and community advocate in his hometown of New Orleans.
New Back-to-School Checklist Item in California. Here in California, it's our goal to enroll even more families as we look ahead to the new open enrollment period beginning November 15, 2014.
Companies May Ignore Domestic Abuse Prevention Out Of Fear Of Being Viewed As 'Anti-Male'. 
Can Money Buy Everything?. I know it is not an easy decision to cancel such a major event that impacts so many people, including myself. I am sure that all Nobel Peace Laureates scheduled to attend this summit would have loved to celebrate their achievements next week in South Africa.
Pin 'Em Up. Pin-Ups for Vets is not a typical non-profit. The pin-up calendar, now in its ninth year, featuring twelve US Veterans, is a unique community-building tool. The calendar raises funds to improve Veterans' healthcare, donates funds to VA hospital for medical equipment, improves quality of life for ill Veterans across the US through personal visits, and supports other initiatives, all thanks to pin-ups in decadent 1940s-style outfits.
They Lied to Us About College and Our Careers. What Next?. For those who took the path most traveled which led them to a college degree that's offered them nothing more than debt and a smile from mom and dad, it's not too late for you. You can change things. You can put your life back on track. It's not over.
Service And Opportunity Go Hand In Hand. That moment struck to the core of why I was in the classroom that day
The Next Big (Small) Thing for #TheStitch.... While sharing about BLVR's investment in us, I shared my personal story of being sexually abused by a family friend when I was six, keeping it secret until after graduating college, and about the heavy toll it took on my life.
These 6 Ways People Are Recognizing Breast Cancer Awareness Month Will Make You Smile. 
8 Inspiring Quotes From Celebrity Breast Cancer Survivors. 
Spanking as Child Abuse. Why is physical punishment not acceptable when visited on adults and acceptable when visited on children?
Expert. 
U.N. Week -- Style Over Substance. Our system is broken. We are failing to build a post-2015 development agenda that integrates the voices, values and priorities of the majority of the world's population. Far too few of our resources are being invested in deserving grassroots leaders and civic organizations.
AmeriCorps Celebrates 20 Years of Service. AmeriCorps members have completed over one billion hours of service since 1994, and have had an immense impact on mobilizing communities to work together for a more promising future. As a former VISTA volunteer, I know firsthand the tremendous impact volunteering can have for both the volunteer and the community.
World Cerebral Palsy Day 2014. According to the Cerebral Palsy International Research Foundation (CPIRF), over 17 million people worldwide have cerebral palsy -- for which there is no cure. I am one of them.
How We Can Help the Homeless. Although I showed her kindness and respect, I questioned what I could have done differently, how I might have been able to help her.
For Army Couple Reentering Civilian Life, Food Insecurity Just One of Many Challenges. On the morning of Sept. 3, Jon and Elizabeth Alba waited two hours at the VA Medical Clinic in Iron Mountain, Mich., not for medical care but for a few days' supply of groceries.
Bill Gates Praises US Leadership In Ebola Fight. 
ER May Reveal Basic Problems in Hospitals. Simple common sense, coupled with organized thinking, ought to be able to produce better medical benefits and patient care at substantially lower costs.
Breaking Bread for Peace. Food is one of the oldest forms of exchange, with yet untapped recognition to deliver social conflict transformation.
Why Is Our Health Care System Disconnected from What Matters to Patients?. There remains a systemic disconnect between patients and the community involved in treating them.  For decades, the patient experience has been marred by disconnected, uncoordinated care and a focus largely on biomedical needs.
Why The Fight For Maternal and Child Health Is A Race Against Time. When we entered the delivery room of a small hospital in rural Malawi, our eyes went immediately to the two newborns lying side by side.
To Help the World's Poor -- Start With Data?. When it comes to improving the lives of the world's poor, data collection may not be as sexy of a focus as improving access to clean water or more nutritious food. But better data is essential to monitoring progress and ultimately maximizing impact.
Seeding the Future. What is it like to make a financial investment in an up and coming social change leader, every single day of the year?  Since January 1, 2013, the Pollination Project has been giving daily micro grants to emerging projects and inspiring people all over the world.
Underserved Kids Learn A Year's Worth Of Math In 6 Weeks, Thanks To New App. 
A Call To Man Up. Nested in the hills of the Hudson Valley, a group of men took the stage to talk about what it means to be a man. The conversation continued throughout the weekend and was the first time men were invited to the annual conference Women and Power.
Houston -- A Shining Star. Houston has housed more than 2,800 homeless veterans since January 2012, according to the Coalition for the Homeless of Houston/ Harris County.
Why It's Easier To Treat The Homeless Like Criminals Instead Of People In Need. 
Girl on Girl Bullying -- Mean Stinks!. As girls we fail at empowering each other in so many ways. Viewing our peers in a competitive way leaves many girls feeling inadequate and that vicious cycle of hatred starts the wheel spinning. It's up to us to begin a movement of gaining confidence and empowering one another instead of tearing each other down.
Let Girls Lead #IDG 2014. Education should be free of all these things, as well as free of stereotypes that claim girls must cook and sew, like the color pink, exist only to please their husbands, and become mothers by force.
Nelson Mandela's Widow Offers Simply Perfect View On Gender Rights. 
This Is What A World Without Hunger Looks Like, According To Kids Whose Families Don't Have Enough Food. 
Housing. Building affordable housing is only the first step towards inclusive cities. As housing should be seen as an urban strategy to improve the overall quality of life for all citizens, affordable housing must be inclusive by design.
Matt Damon Nails Impression Of Bill Clinton, Raises Water Awareness While He's At It. 
Newborn Health. Newborn health is inextricably connected to maternal health. Similarly to maternal mortality, preventable diseases are the major causes of under-five deaths. Inadequate nutrition, limited access to clean water and poor healthcare infrastructures lead to the spread of preventable infectious diseases.
Digging Into \The Why\ of Rush Philanthropic Arts Foundation with Danny Simmons. With this weekend being their annual Gold Rush Awards fundraiser in New York, I caught up with Danny to learn the story of how Rush began.
Good Neighbors Around the World. 
This Brilliant Allegory Just Nailed The Solution To One Of The World's Greatest Problems. 
Number Of Homeless Students In America Is Rising Rapidly. 
She Just Wants A Job. Being an early adopter isn't easy and old patterns are tough to understand and break. Unspoken fears can hinder or even slow efforts. It starts with leaders within companies who take action.
The Unexpected Sustainability of Gen Y. From an innovation perspective, one of the great things about Gen Y is that they have lowered the barrier for new ideas, products and services. And if they had a good experience, they touted in their own social groups - both online and off.
What's Possible If We #Commit2Deliver. As we look forward and position issues for the post-2015 development agenda, it is important to reflect on what is possible if we accelerate action, target resources and embrace accountability in the remaining time of the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs).
Westgate One Year Later. A year after Westgate
Wisconsin Couple Faces $300 Daily Fine For Allowing Homeless People To Sleep On Porch. 
Female Genital Mutilation in Kenya -- When Will It End?. Consider this
Syrian Refugee Barber Provides Haircuts To Iraqis Displaced By Violence. 
Rinku Sen. 
'Ebola Would Not Be What It Is Today' If Proper Health Systems Existed, Expert Says. 
The Expansion of Conscious Media Film Festivals. The time has come for us to move from a stressed society to one of synergy and mindfulness. The stories we tell in film and media, as well as inside our own heads, can take us there!
The Call to Put Briggs's Beautiful Face on the Cover of TIME Magazine. In the early 1940s, the strongest proponent of radiation in the U.S. was on the cover of TIME. By the end of the decade, a doctor who would be one of the foremost proponents of chemotherapy was on the cover.
26 Inspired Quotes on Peace. 
Here Is Powerful Proof That Abusive Words Are Literally Weapons. 
The Enduring Legacy of National Service. AmeriCorps members tackle the toughest problems we face
People With Disabilities Share The Cruel Things They've Been Told. 
Brought to You, Courtesy of the Red, White, and Blue. 
#AfterFerguson. While what we at Gamaliel fight on are depressing issues, right now, at least, I'm kind of giddy. It's not often that a two-time Pulitzer-winning journalist basically endorses everything we are doing.
Embracing Change in an Uncertain Climate. Next time a challenge or opportunity disguised in uncertainty is presented to you, take a second to reflect and give it thought before dismissing it. What you may be passing up is the opportunity to walk through the next door that is planning to open.
Why the Health of Mothers and Newborns Is Inseparable. I visited Maryam when her baby was 2 weeks old. I had been meaning to go sooner, but the steep, icy roads up to her 'house' in Kabul prohibited an earlier visit.
Don't Just Make History at the People's Climate March. Next Tuesday, President Obama and 124 other world leaders will convene in New York City for a United Nations summit to address climate change.
Effective Ways to Prevent Violence Against Women and Girls. Honor killings might not be preventable among the current generation of adult men, but certainly we can bring the new generation of young boys closer to understanding themselves and the other half of the universe made up of women and girls.
Bill Strickland's Visit to Akko, Israel -- And His Promise. \When people have a reason to live, they don't have a reason to die,\ Strickland said. He believes that terrorism thrives on ignorance and illiteracy, and the Akko center's courses will serve to build bridges, provide free education, and encourage dialogue among the area's religions.
Helping Should Strengthen Relationships, Not Hurt Them. The more I have learned about the hundreds of families I have tried to help in my 35 years in the social sector, the more I realize that most low-income parents or guardians should be approached with admiration and respect.
Why We Should Judge The World On The Health Of Women. There is probably no single better measure of success of international development efforts at large; political leaders across the world should be held to account by their citizens -- and hold themselves accountable -- on the same basis.
From a Displacement Camp in Juba, Former Director of Agriculture Watches as his State Slides Closer to Famine. A year ago, James Gatluak, 38, was working with farmers across all nine counties in Unity State to increase food production. Today, he is stuck in a displacement camp in Juba, his state overrun by violence and its people sliding closer to famine.
Finding the Common Thread. To create empowering, inclusive dialogue around what the world is doing RIGHT, and what we, as people, aspire towards -- allowing a voice for all those who are interested in being a part of the solution.
The Day After the Day. I wrote this the day after 9/11 and it wound up being read all over the planet.  It still rings true I think.
Why Did Miss Idaho Sierra Sandison Wear Her Insulin Pump During Competition?. This past July, right before she was about to go onstage at the Miss Idaho competition, a contestant named Sierra Sandison, who suffers from diabetes, was nervous and conflicted about wearing her insulin pump in such a public arena.
Why We Should Empower Homeless People with Technology. Over the years several people experiencing homelessness have reached out to me online. Each experience in itself was unique and always beyond amazing.
Chilling PSA Reminds Us That Human Trafficking Victims Are Exploited In Our Neighborhoods. 
Cooking Should Be Safe No Matter Where You Live. Together, ReSurge and the Alliance are working toward making the world safer for all women and children, calling attention to this neglected global health issue and striving to create positive and lasting change in the world's kitchens and cooking spaces.
Poverty In America. Seven dollars per day is not much. Forget buying a latte at Starbucks each morning. You would barely have enough money to eat afterwards. In fact, forget going out to eat. Period. The tip alone would eat up all of your daily allocation.
When One of Your \Kids\ Is a Marine and He's Going to Northern Iraq. I see the recent atrocities recited as if they were highlights from a horror film reel, and I am aghast -- at both the way in which our media culture has been processing these assorted tragedies, and the fact that our R. is going to land dead center into this brutal mess.
Putting Women and Girls at the Center of Development. It is well-recognized that gender inequalities exist around the world. Evidence has also mounted showing that the marginalization and neglect of the needs, roles and potential of women and girls are key factors limiting advances in human health and development outcomes for all -- women, men, boys and girls.
Changing the Way We Change the World. In 2012, after quitting my corporate job on first day, I was idealistic and determined to change the world. So much so, I decided to start with Africa. This is probably the most clich\u00e9d beginning for a story of many young Millennial \change-makers.\
Why We Continue To Memorialize 9/11. 
Unleashing Creativity on Business. 
Dear High School Teachers. I'm grateful that you cut me slack and stuck with me, that you took the time to chat with me after class about my family, that you encouraged me to keep trying, and, most importantly, that you, time and time again, talked me out of leaving school.
'Who Is Dayani Cristal?'. Who is Dayani Cristal?, is an intimate examination of the journey of one migrant who perished in the Arizona desert, far from his native Honduras, with no real identification but a name tattooed over his heart
Darla Moore. While each investment has its own set of metrics, there always must be in place a measurable, independent system to provide the data necessary to judge the progress of the entity receiving the investment.
Do You Know What They Did Last Summer?. For millions of poor kids in the U.S. today, the reality of summer is very different from that middle-class ideal. For them, the words \back to school\ suggest the start of something good, not the end.
AFL-CIO and Uruguayan Workers in Solidarity to Protect Democracy From 'Corporate Courts'. Why is the AFL-CIO standing in strong solidarity with the workers of Uruguay? We believe that the people, through their elected officials, should be the ones to determine which policies are best for their health, their environment and the general welfare.
Want to Change the World? Get Ready to Get Your Hands Dirty Together. Thanks to social media and the other technology advances we've witnessed over the past couple of decades, these needs are more apparent and feel closer to our own back yard than they ever did before.
Ray Rice Was Once a Little Boy. How many of us are sitting down with our young boys -- budding athletes, artists, scientists, doctors, spiritual leaders -- and having a conversation with them about how what happens behind doors matters -- every single time -- it matters?
Finding Our Solo Vigils. You don't become better and stronger in life without solo vigils along the way. We've learned to celebrate entrepreneurs who fall and get back up, well we should.
Policy Paradox. My petition in my wife Briggs's memory on Change.org, the Petition for Briggs for Cancer Immunotherapy for All, has been generously signed by 25 stars of film, media, and tennis.
How One Tweet Can End Child Hunger. What would you do if I told you that by sharing only one tweet, you could help be the solution to ending child hunger in the U.S.A.? Would that make you more than simply interested? Would you dare to take action and join a movement of people who want to see our children's dreams come true?
International Literacy Day 2014. As we mark International Literacy Day, it is an opportune time to highlight the importance of literacy and the challenges ahead in promoting global literacy.
Breaking Down America's Biggest Giving Day. As noted in an earlier post, I had the great fortune of helping out Kimbia with Give Local America, an event that became the largest giving day in U.S. history. The team just released a new infographic that shows some of the data behind the event.
This 15-Year-Old Is Changing Lives With 'Lost and Founds'. Just three years in, Warm Winters has donated more than 5,000 items of warm clothing to 2,500 homeless people. The organization works with six ski resorts in California and Nevada, and they have engaged a volunteer base of 50+ youth
Youth Homelessness Is An Invisible Issue, But It Doesn't Have To Be. 
Garth Brooks Gives Chicago Children a Lesson in Teamwork. In the midst of what is by any measure a very packed week, history's best-selling solo artist still made time to give 150 Chicagoland-area children a day they'll remember for a long time.
Ebola's Economic Side Effects May Kill More People Than the Virus. The devastating effect Ebola is having on West Africa's fragile economies is already coming into focus. Community-wide quarantines, road blocks, the suspension of international flights, and the closure of international borders are strangling commerce.
September 11, 2001. Two days after September, 11, 2001, still dazed and in grief, I wrote a poem for children, trying to make sense of the horrific events we had witnessed.
Learning Champions Stand Up for International Literacy Day. I find it almost impossible to imagine life without literacy. But not being able to read is the day to day reality for billions of people.
Harmony in Tragedy. During a recent 72-hour ceasefire between Israel and Hamas, a delegation of Israeli and Palestinian teens traveled 5,000 miles to join 18 young people born in the United States and war-torn regions around the globe, including South Sudan.
Ending Gender-Based Violence Around the World. Women and girls, men and boys all share the right to live free of violence, which is, unfortunately, experienced by both men and women. Women and girls, however, disproportionately experience violence due to a deeply rooted global culture of gender discrimination.
Ebola. While governments and doctors around the world prepare themselves for Ebola to leap across oceans, we have yet to come to terms with the most difficult enabler of the deadly virus
AnnaSophia Robb on Role Models, Character Development and Inspiring Our Youth. I believe the millennial generation is in good hands with someone like AnnaSophia amongst them as a mirror of goodness. It was refreshing to hear such a kind, grounded, strong, and wise young woman share so much wisdom.
I Left a Little of Me at Wounded Knee. If the West was going to be won, the people needed stories of legends and victories whether they were true or not. I believe the truth is important. That's why I had to go to Wounded Knee.
Beyond The Revolving Door. Society must understand that we cannot throw together a few small business loan programs and and step back
Let's Deemphasize People's Motivations Behind Advocacy and Volunteering. As a high school student, I have often heard accusatory comments that so-and-so is only involved with social activism or a service project because \she wants to put it on her resume\ or \he just wants to gain admission to college.\
Fast Stats About Giving in America Today. The annual Giving USA Foundation report was released recently, and the numbers tell an interesting story about corporate giving. Let me rephrase that. An alarming story.
Undocumented. Sadly, we are just beginning to learn the depth of the violence that drives these children to our borders -- drug wars, food insecurity, and violence. The majority of the children are coming from El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras, which has the highest murder rate in the world.
Moving Mountains. 
Joan Rivers Didn't Just Tell Jokes. She Fought For AIDS Patients And Suicide Prevention, Too. 
India's Jewish Community. A few minutes before the plane touched down and I was introduced to the complete sensory overload that is India, I realized that I was prepared to meet Jews and I was prepared to meet Indians, but I still wasn't prepared to meet Jewish Indians.
Celebrating One Year and Many Victories. 
Teen With Cancer Remixes Jay-Z, Shows There's Room To Laugh. 
Living the Wage. I found the psychological and behavioral privilege associated with living wage work to be startling. I became aware of how far I had disconnected from the reality that forces those who earn a minimum wage to forego the convenience and peace of mind that a few thousand extra dollars a year can quite literally buy.
Celebrating Kathy. Happy birthday to South Africa's freedom fighter Ahmed Kathrada! \Kathy\ -- as he's well known there -- turned a robust 85-years-old on August 21. He is the premiere guide and custodian of the history of infamous Robben Island, where he and Nelson Mandela were unjustly imprisoned for 18 years.
Perform for America. One mother of twin sons, both majoring in performing arts at colleges in the Northwest, has used her passion to launch a petition called, Perform for America, a national movement to create a program akin to Teach for America, but for young performers.
Trust to Be Trusted. Friendliness and trust are linked, but also very different. In relationships that matter, trust masked as friendliness is fleeting and false, much like receiving an award you do not deserve or did not earn.
One Woman's Witness. It may seem crazy that I'm voluntarily choosing to enter a zone where any of these protective preparations are necessary, but as I've spent hours on my couch in Brooklyn watching the coverage of this situation, it just feels like I can and should do something more.
Poolside With Deepak Chopra. 
It's Back To School. Are Your Kids Safe?. There are simple actions everyone can take to better protect our children should disaster strike.
Team Columbia. Howard's Organic Fare and Vegetable Patch is unlike any business model we have ever encountered -- and that's precisely why we were so thrilled to collaborate with owner Craig Howard for the week.
Helping Should Strengthen Relationships, Not Hurt Them. It was 1983 I was running a counseling program for refugees from the Vietnam War. My social worker and I had just left what I thought was a great counseling session with Myong, a single mom from Vietnam who raising three kids on her own.
Stand Up to Cancer. What would you do with a stage three-cancer diagnosis? Mope? Grieve? Surrender? It's devastating and paralyzing. It quickly snuffs out hope and threatens your joy. It murders you figuratively and sometimes takes you literally.
Overcoming Adversity, a Step at a Time. What does taking a single step mean to you? Did you walk to work this morning, or simply walk to the car to drive to work? Did you walk to the kitchen to grab coffee or take the dog for a walk around the block?
The Era of Big Work Is Over. It's in the way we're spending our money, the way we're working, the gigs we're taking, and the values by which we're living our lives.
Nonprofit Work A Non-Option For Some Young People, As 57% Of Industry Internships Are Unpaid. 
Is the Recession Really Over?. Where is the good news to get us out of this funk of no growth and the pain of the recession still lingering for businesses and individuals?
Raising Awareness for Raising Awareness. While it's good to raise awareness, let's not forget that the people we're trying to help need us now, not after their disease has taken away everything they have.
Family, Friends and Technology. Are people less friendly than they used to be?  As I looked beyond having just a \gut feeling\ about attitudes and practices of people, I became aware of the \General Social Survey.\ I found a lot of information that relates to the friendliness of people.
Tiny Homes Will Not End Homelessness -- Community First! Village Will. Seems like it's only been a moment since Alan Graham first invited me to Austin to see the amazing work he is doing. Since then, I have visited Mobile Loaves and Fishes more than any other nonprofit homeless services. The reason for that is simple
The Day I Was Arrested for Human Trafficking. Child trafficking is abhorrent. We feel there is a small part of us that should be able to smell the rot coming from anyone involved in something so tremendously bad. Surely, being in the same room as them would be difficult.
This Organization Is Changing the Lives of Farmers in Rwanda. Sarah Buchanan didn't grow up on a farm. She didn't study agriculture at her university, Georgia State, and until a few years ago, the only plant she may have envisioned herself cultivating was basil. But a little girl in a blue sweater would change all of that.
Healthy Child Healthy World Takes Center Court for Championing Children's Health. 
Outdoor Company Cotopaxi Puts Its Money Where Its Heart Is. Cotopaxi donates a minimum 10 percent of its profit to one of its partner nonprofit organizations to create a sustainable impact in the community those organizations serve. Smith's company goes one step further by showing potential and returning customers where that donation is going.
The Horrible Awkwardness and Angst of Being a Beginner. It's not easy being bad at something. But it's how we all start. And sometimes the awkwardness and ineptitude doesn't dissipate for quite a while. Beginnings can be awkward, uncomfortable, frustrating and fearful.
More Ways To Challenge Friends And Support A Cause Without Pouring Ice Water On Yourself. 
Tony Hawk and Birdhouse Team Honor Lives of Woman's Drowned Sons at Pitcher Memorial Skatepark. Six years ago, Mary Shea Pitcher lost two of her four sons in a drowning accident in Allegheny National Forest. This terrible personal tragedy was the inspiration for what is now Pitcher Park Memorial Skatepark in Carnegie, Pennsylvania.
Why the Ice Bucket Challenge Works (And Doesn't Work). While I certainly do not begrudge the funds raised for ALS research -- money is, after all, the only way to develop life-saving treatments through expensive research and trials -- it does raise some questions about awareness campaigns in the digital age. Why do some causes get so much attention and not others?
Losing Man's Best Friend. He was my best friend, the one being that gave me unconditional love at every hour of the day, expecting nothing in return, but, he was suffering too much to keep him going any longer. Today, I lost my beloved service dog, Fred.
Focus On Preventive Care As The Long-Term Strategy To Improve Health. We have a tendency to rely on life-saving, last-minute efforts to turn around a person's health. These strategies are often unsuccessful and always extremely costly. They usually do not result in a lifetime improvement in health.
I'm Making a Difference by Improving Hospital Care for Kids. 
Providing Free Storage Could Be Key To Ending Homelessness. 
This Is How The Super Rich Can Effectively Give Back. 
When A Birthday Celebration Means More Than A Party. 
Seeing the Humanity of \The Other\. We see and hear stories about the first days of school, school shopping, the buying of books, and the concern, hope, and joy, for those in preschool, kindergarten, middle school, high school, and college
Inspire Her To Change The World. As we celebrate Women's Equality Day today, I ask you to think about how you can inspire a girl in your life to change the world through STEM.
Savings Groups, Mobile Phones And A New Solution For Rural Women. For the rural poor -- especially women -- accessing formal financial services is nearly impossible. Few have formal identification needed to open an account; others lack a stable job or collateral needed for a loan.
Somalia's Future Hinges On Its Youth. Jamel Egal was born the year it all fell apart. 1991. Somali President Siad Barre was overthrown and anarchy overtook the east African nation of Somalia. Warlords filled the void of a central government as lawlessness reigned and war became the norm.
Rage in Ferguson Offers Important Lesson. It's time to listen to the hopes and fears of all Americans. It's time to recognize the injustices that we must eliminate to ensure all Americans can pursue their dreams. And we must do it before the rage our nation has witnessed permanently supplants hope.
Rare Cancer Inspires Rare Partnership. The nonprofit Double Hit Lymphoma Foundation was born, and Jill and Dr. Petrich established their mission
Under Quarantine. As in many public health emergencies, adolescent girls and young women are among the most marginalized and at-risk population during this crisis. In the face of this national disaster, the Let Girls Lead (LGL) network of organizations in Liberia is working to save families from Ebola.
IVP's Censored on Final Approach at The Judson Gym. IVP's ensemble cast does an admirable job of dramatically bringing to life the passion for flying of these women and the challenges of sexism (both in the military and at home) and being first in their field.
Happiness Is the Truth. It used to be that \end times,\ apocalyptic thinking was solely the purview of the crazies. You know, the fundamentalists, the recluses, the paranoid, the kooky guy holding a \The End is Near!\ sign on the street corner.
Gender Equality As an Investment Concept. In my view, investing in women -- or investing in companies that are committed to gender equality and women's leadership -- is just such a strategy. Moreover, there is a growing body of evidence to suggest that it is a smart investment strategy:
How A Small Wireless Handset Transformed My Classroom. There is a school of thought that opposes technology in the classroom. This is rooted in the belief that it hinders or completely replaces human interaction.
Partners for Our Children Builds 'Data Portal' for Policymakers to Improve Child Welfare System. The child welfare systems across the nation face major challenges and Washington State is no exception.
Finding One's Voice. 
Indian Male Rickshaw Drivers Playing Key Role In Maternal Health Campaign. 
Why the Ice Bucket Challenge Is Not Good for Philanthropy. Shouldn't we just focus on the fact that people are becoming aware and donating, disregarding why? I say no. In the bottom of my heart and in the back of my business-oriented mind, I want people to care.
Friends and Diaspora of South Sudan Urge Leaders to Choose Peace. This week, friends of South Sudan and members of the Diaspora wrote a letter to the leaders of South Sudan reminding them of the vision and the determination that inspired their struggle and achieved their success.
5,178 Gigs. My volunteer gigs with Musicians On Call present a unique challenge in song selection.  I am escorted to a hospital room occupied by one or more patients. I need to size up the situation quickly and select the one song that might go over best.
What One ALS Family Really Thinks About the Ice Bucket Challenge. Here's the deal
How Traditional Homeless Agencies Can Help End Homelessness. The answers to ending homelessness in this country have changed dramatically since the days of setting up shelters. Programs, such as Housing First, Rapid Re-Housing, Prevention, are the new solutions to this entrenched social problem.
On the Front Lines of the Ebola Outbreak. In the face of the deadly Ebola outbreak, 2002 World of Children Award Honoree, Luke Hingson, is leading a major mobilization to help supply desperately needed medical equipment and supplies to Liberia and Sierra Leone.
Your Grief in Print. Grief may be private or it may be communal. Either way, it is a personal emotion, experience, and era that you either choose to share or not.
Against Divestment -- Why Walking Away Won't Make a Difference. Submit shareholder proposals. Nominate new directors. Attend annual meetings to ask questions of the executives and board members.  But do not sell the stock that gives you the right to engage on the issues you care about with the people who can make a difference.
Millennials Transform Charitable Giving Into Philanthropic Action. Not only will these millennial inheritors likely look for a new financial advisor to manage their money, as opposed to sticking with the family advisor, they will also want to ensure their money positively impacts society, and they tend to crave intimate involvement with the causes they support. This could transform charitable giving.
How Is the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge Hurting YOU?? (Hint. Would you heckle people who walk at Relay for Life? Would you taunt a group having a car wash to raise money for a battered women's shelter? I hope not.
#IceBucketChallenge Update. ALS is a very worthy cause, but there are many worthy causes that don't see this type of engagement and support. The challenge is the restoration of faith in humanity that the media wants to promote and the public wants to absorb.
Women-Led Resistance Against False Development. 
Participate in Hunger Action Month and Help Solve Hunger. Nearly 49 million Americans struggle with hunger. These Americans live in every single county and congressional district in the U.S. Hunger is a real issue in America - and a major one at that. Yet, it doesn't have to be. If we work together as a nation, we can solve hunger.
Gentrification Rolls On in Dallas, But Will It Grow Up?. To call Oak Cliff \fringe\ and \one of Dallas' worst neighborhoods\ is not only false, but it dismisses intelligent, hard-working folks as low-lives who should be grateful for the salvation of artisan pies, espresso and couture cocktails.
Humor, Hope, and Human Rights. He had a legion of fans who found him a fountain for laughter, but he also had a number of us who knew him as a wellspring for support for human rights and human dignity.
Beyond the Ice-Bucket. Life is full of challenges. Some are profoundly life-changing, and some are cold and wet. The ice-bucket challenge was not only great summer fun, it was also one of the most positive and productive viral campaigns in history.
An Open Letter to the Critics of Imran Khan. While many are an advocate of Imran Khan in assembling this peaceful protest, unfortunately there are also some of you who are opposing the call. I write this with the hope of diffusing some of this bigoted commentary on Imran Khan's political maneuver.
'Is There a Doctor in the House?'. 
This Blind Grandpa Is Running 11,000 Miles Around The U.S. To Raise Funds For Cystic Fibrosis. 
Humanitarians Shouldn't Have to Risk Their Own Lives in Order to Save Others. This year on World Humanitarian Day, we are calling on all governments to live up to their commitments to protect humanitarian staff and hold accountable those who attack them.
How Detroit's Water Crisis Is Part Of A Much Bigger Problem. 
Providing Humanitarian Assistance During Unprecedented Times. Today is World Humanitarian Day, a day to commemorate the fallen relief workers who died in the 2003 bombing of the UN headquarters in Baghdad, as well as the thousands of others who have given their lives to help those in need.
These College Friends Are Helping Empower Girls To Follow Their Science-Minded Dreams. 
Seeing the World Through a New Lens and Becoming a Leader. A lot of young people don't know how to get what they need in terms of questioning power and authority, asking for change to happen and being at the table. Global Kids always invited us, and now I don't think about not being there. I'll be there.
The Time Is Now To Take Action To Save The Lives Of Millions Of Mothers And Children. 
Declaration of Famine or Not, South Sudan Needs the World's Attention Now. I see each day what we can accomplish
The Countdown Starts Now. Despite significant progress allowing tens of millions of children to enroll into school at the start of the millennium, a recent estimate suggested that at the current rate we must wait until 2086 for the last girl to have a primary education in Africa.
Man Dies In Tragic Accident After Raising $100,000 For Friend Who Started ALS 'Ice Bucket Challenge'. 
When Disaster Strikes, Mothers and Newborns Are the Most Vulnerable. What we often forget to speak about when a global disaster happens are the hundreds of thousands of women and girls who still need maternal health care.
Wiggle Room. My experience tells me that when responsible NGOs work together, often across sectors, we gain efficiencies of scale in the delivery of highly-specialized services. In the end, larger swaths of the population are touched by not just one, but an array of these life-improving inputs and we begin to see our combined efforts improve lives in meaningful and lasting ways.
Stylist Who Spends Every Sunday Cutting Hair For Homeless. 
Mobile Phones Save Lives in Timor-Leste. \A pregnant woman has one foot in the grave.\ This common saying reflects the reality in many developing countries
Thoughts on National Airborne Day. Of course, it's appropriate to give thanks for our military people any day of any year, but National Airborne Day is a chance to drill down a bit and recognize those who get into the action in a very special way
Big Media Aids Vital Girls' Schooling in South Sudan. The world's newest country, South Sudan, still struggles to end the internal conflicts that have marred its early life. But nevertheless the country is still managing to make progress in the vital field of educating its young people.
A Global Imperative. Earlier this month, leaders from across Africa convened in Washington for an unprecedented summit on the benefits of deeper economic and social ties between Africa and the U.S. High on the agenda was the importance of investment in women's health, and for good reason.
Meet The Guy Who Made ALS 'Ice Bucket Challenge' Go Viral. 
Equine Voices. The Equine Voices Rescue & Sanctuary has seen unspeakable cruelty. One horse arrived at the sanctuary with a fractured skull after being beaten with a two-by-four and dragged behind a truck. Another arrived with untreated third degree burns from a stable fire.
Robin Williams' Sorrow and Terror. Life gives us constant opportunities to give up, to abandon ourselves to the conclusion that the great drama in which we are all actors is ultimately more tragedy than comedy.
The Cancer of Solitude. Solitude, when it is forced and receiving of too little comprehension, can be cancerous We need a conversation about suicidal depression, and the more ordinary states of feeling overwhelmed by hopelessness or alienation. And we can only do that by listening much more carefully to those who are feeling it.
Doctors Without Borders. 
Finding Danny. Going through boxes of family pictures during the days after Danny's passing felt almost like a form of communication with him from the beyond. One picture that kept popping up was of Danny in his cap and gown at his high school graduation. Danny looked so proud. Finding that picture was like a sign he wanted me to remember him that way.
Reaching Those Who Suffer. As a society we do an extremely poor job of addressing mental health and mental illness. Access to care is indeed one problem for many. But our perceptions of and ideas about mental health and mental illness are far more destructive to those in need of care and support.
Yo Soy Blanco. The shooting of 18-year-old Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri aggrandizes the question of police actions against minorities. I still remember the Rodney King case. It seems these events will continue to show their ugly heads.
South Africans Celebrate Twenty Years of Freedom and Democracy. 
UN Addresses 'Overwhelming' Barriers Youth Face In Seeking Mental Health Help. 
Expanding a Culture of Service. Service is an essential part of our nation's DNA. Throughout our history, volunteers across the country have stepped up to fill a range of critical needs.
The One Time Everyone Turned Their Back To Robin Williams. 
Inequality in Tech. 
One Congregation, One Family. The eight representatives from DC faith communities are engaged in a fierce debate over whether or not to buy an expensive pair of NIKE shoes.
Camp Unites Israeli, Palestinian Kids In Shared Love Of Soccer As Tensions Persist In Gaza. 
First City in Iran to Ban Killing Stray Dogs and the Woman Behind It. Shooting stray dogs is common practice in Iran. However, now the northwestern city of Tabriz has become the first and only city in the country to outlaw killing street dogs. It's all thanks to the efforts of one Iranian woman who is campaigning for those who can't speak for themselves.
Not Everyone Has the Tools to Become Rich. For those Americans who have been materially successful, it may seem like everyone else simply chose not to follow the same path, but the reality is that most Americans don't know how to find that path.
Aid Worker Speaks Out On Why Ebola Keeps Spreading. 
The Uptown Beggar. Thirty days I spent with them. Thirty days walking, talking, buying them lunch and trying to discover the organizing principal around which my story would authentically take shape. And I did. Find it, that is. The moment I met Fred.
Time to Create an ECHO Across America. While progress may be being made in some areas, there is still a lot of work to be done to ensure that all kids and youth are meeting the daily physical activity guidelines, and perhaps even more work to be done to ensure that getting outdoors is a part of that daily routine.
Voices of Reconciliation in the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict. 
What Do the Children Need?. We are getting a crystal clear understanding of the world these children live in. We're asking two key questions -- and the answers are providing insights that are more profound than we imagined.
10 Ways the Obama Administration Can Tackle Hunger in Africa. This is where President Obama and his advisers have got it wrong -- the future of Africa should not be sold to the highest bidder.
Giving Birth in a Graveyard. Bent over a wood-fired oven, drying the fish her husband caught yesterday, 29-year-old Leticia Sam blinks the smoke from her eyes, one hand stoking the fire, the other holding her swollen belly. Expecting her fourth baby, Leticia lives atop an old graveyard piled with trash, strewn with crumbling cinderblock homes.
George Takei Honors Hiroshima Bombing Anniversary With Moving Tribute. 
Let There Be Peace. In the aftermath of this heinous act, I wonder how long it will take mankind to realize we must stand up for peace.
First-Of-Its Kind Restaurant Employs Only Deaf Servers. 
Princess Slays the Knight. My hope for men and women everywhere is that we will abandon the quest for dominance over the opposite sex and seek instead to be united as kings and queens who each wield their masculine and feminine gifts to rule their kingdoms together.
Beverly Whipple. The career choice Beverly Whipple made has been a lifesaver to countless women in Washington State for more than a quarter century. In 1979, she and Deborah Lazaldi, both natives of Yakima, founded Feminist Women's Health Center in Yakima, to offer reproductive choice and healthcare.
Let's Not Wait Another Year. The global hunger issue can seem overwhelming. The fact that more people will die from hunger this year than AIDS, malaria, tuberculosis and war combined is unbelievable. I've seen the emotional and physical toll hunger takes on the communities and families it impacts.
A Healer's Last Journey. After 80 years studying the medicinal plants of the p\u00e1ramo -- an endangered alpine tundra ecosystem -- Mama Margarita says today may be her last time making the eight-hour, round-trip hike into the Andes.
Making a Difference in the World of Giving. Some might say it is too late to participate but I would counter with that now is the perfect time for you to get involved and be Making A Difference!
Birthing in the Gambia. The BIG Project was established in 2011 to provide higher grade maternal care to combat the high maternal mortality rates in the Gambia through its motto
Betting on Resilience. 
Former Police Chief. 
The Gaza War. It seems that most people on either side have lost the emotional ability and space to recognize the humanity and suffering of the other. While this is understandable, it is still critically important to do our best to keep the emotional space to process and empathize.
A Jury of My Peers. The most important message I received during the workshop was how deeply the people in the room believed that providing savings accounts to children was a necessary and effective approach to increasing educational and economic opportunity.
Child Marriage Won't End Until We Start Documenting What Actually Works. 
WATCH. 
For Nigerian Girls, Education Is The Key That Opens Doors To Progress. For girls in Nigeria and around the world, education can enable economic independence, pave the way for political participation, and empower both men and women with the necessary knowledge to actively and effectively oppose oppressive norms that perpetuate different forms of violence against women.
Poor Sanitation. The situation in India reveals startling information about the link between waste pollution and stunted growth, even in a food-secure world. To help ensure a brighter future for India's youth, the nation requires an investment in waste-treatment infrastructure, including toilets and waste-water treatment.
Happy International Childfree Day! Announcing 2014 Childfree Woman and Man of the Year. On August 1, 1973, the National Alliance for Optional Parenthood did a wonderful thing -- it celebrated Non-Parents Day by awarding a Male and Female National Non-Parent of the Year. Last year, 40 years later, this day was resurrected as International Childfree Day.
Losing a Hero. You probably knew him as Maverick or Rockford. He was an icon in film and television. At the National Veterans Foundation we knew him as a supporter who was there for veterans over and over. James Garner served as an honorary board member of the NVF for many years.
Lessons From the Grassroots. This is an interview with Jardana Peacock, based in Nashville, Tennessee, where she uses yoga as a healing tool for people working through emotional trauma and physical injury.
Female Genital Mutilation. While the debate is lively at the Girls Summit, we wanted to take a moment to bring attention to it here in America because it deserves a global spotlight in order to find a solution to end this practice. However, the extreme challenge with ending FGM is that most of those who practice it don't believe they are doing any wrong.
California Gubernatorial Candidate Lives As Homeless Person For A Week, Says Couldn't Find Job. 
A Profile in Courage. Trying hard to write about Haiti, but my feelings about the babies in one orphanage in the mountains of Ayiti have haunted me for over a week. I honestly can't sleep and rest without her in my vision.
A Sustainable Approach to Combating Human Trafficking. Although today is the first ever World Day against Trafficking in Persons, the issue of human trafficking is hardly a novel one; rather, this crime has sadly survived and thrived for thousands of years.
After Being Raped, Nonprofit Founder Continues Aid Work In South Sudan. 
10 Cities Worldwide That Are Working To Win Their Wars Against Homelessness. 
Romanian NGO on Their Way to Guinness Book for Building the Largest Plastic Bottles Bridge in Timisoara. It is a different version of Bridge Over Troubled Waters, as the trouble here is the plastic waste.
Here's Why We Definitely Approve Of This Bill Gates, John Green Bromance. 
Seeds Mean Freedom. 
A Small Step Towards Peace from Red Letter Christians. Jesus once said that if we are faithful in little things, He would make us the ruler over great things (Matthew 25:21).  To that end, we want to offer a proposal of one small step towards resolving the Israeli/Palestinian conflict in the Holy Land.
How the Small Compete with the Big. 
World Hepatitis Day Is an Opportunity to Stop This Silent Killer, Once and For All. I was stunned when I learned that hepatitis kills 1.4 million people every year, making it one of the world's top-10 killers along with ischemic heart disease, HIV/AIDS and lung cancer.
We Must Relentlessly Fight For Education Reform. Over my 28 years living inside urban school systems, I have come to understand and believe that there are two things that we must do and/or keep in mind
Reddit Users Share 'Wow, We Were Poor' Memories, Highlight Reality For Struggling Families. 
HOW TO MAKE ORDINARY PEOPLE EXTRAORDINARY. 
50/50. 
My Wish For My Unborn Child...And Girls And Women Worldwide. As the baby grows inside me, we follow its growth week by week on our phones through our pregnancy app. It is an incredible experience to know that I'm carrying a child who is loved before even entering the world.
Why We Need to Talk About the Sexual Assault of Men and Boys. Let's talk about rape. No, not the rape of women and girls that seems to consume the media, and has become a staple for just about every drama on television these days. I'm talking about the conversation that nobody is having; the rape and sexual assault of men and boys.
Thinking About Following Your Dream? Just Double Up on Your Lexapro (Part 2). When I told my wife, Caron, that I wanted to start a chocolate factory and quit my law practice she looked at me calmly, lovingly and asked, \Can't you just double up on your Lexapro?\ \No,\ I said \it's not that simple.
Portraits From Women In Zimbabwe. I push the button and the black steel door slides across its tracks, revealing morning traffic and fallen rusty flowers.
Follow Your Dream or It Just Might Kill You (Part 1). I liked all chocolate, basically never met a dessert I didn't like. I was not a connoisseur of anything, did not know how to manufacture or fix anything, beyond a paper jam in our copier. But, I went for it.
Impact Doesn't Need To Be Not-For-Profit. When I departed, I knew my next move needed to be in pursuit of a fulfilling mission, but I refused to accept that I had to choose between doing something meaningful or making money.
Going Back to Congo. All I could think about was thank god I was not in Congo when this happened for, as amazing as our medical partners are there, there is much still that is needed to bring medicine up to western standards.
Comprehending the Crash. Why does a plane crash exert such a strong grip on our attention?  Perhaps the answer is obvious, yet different crashes evoke such different kinds of stories, in terms of both media impact and more personal, emotional resonances.
Anonymous Veteran Sends Purple Heart To 'Slenderman' Stabbing Victim. 
12 Young Entrepreneurs Who Make Me Feel Optimistic About Nigeria's Future. Despite the growing concern for Nigeria's future due to terrorism or the lack of conscientious leaders, I am optimistic.
When A Mother's Value Is Based On Her Body. 
Reigniting a Passion for International Service. The Peace Corps has always been about igniting a passion for service. When it was created by President John F. Kennedy, it presented a model for international service that was so unique, so unprecedented, that many said it will never work.
Food Supplies for Refugees in Cameroon Dangerously Low. 
Not All Migrant Kids Are Equal. There's a big difference between how Mexican and Central American kids are treated once they cross the border. Mexican children and teens are deported almost immediately, in what's called expedited repatriation. The Central Americans aren't-- that is, yet.
And Access for All. 
Introducing Fruit and Yogurts at School, and Playing More Outdoors. Why are we eating and making our children eat so much without allowing them to go out and play outdoors? Most parents I know today give electronics for 2-3 years old kids as presents, \caging\ them at home playing digital lonely games.
How Higher Education Can Prepare The Volunteer Generation. The volunteer generation has come to adulthood. They are bringing skills learned in the classroom and practiced in community into the workplace and, yet, more often than not, they are settling into jobs that fit their skillset but not their budding passion.
Good Governance -- A Sustainable Development Goal Too Essential To Be Side-lined. I encourage the decision makers and the governments of the world to make the right decision and to include a sustainable development goal on governance so that we can truly measure the improvements in the lives of millions.
It's Time to Give Back to the Greeks. 
Save Our Children. In a world full of technology, reality TV shows, and information, our children are being targeted for so many things.
To Find Your Mission, Disrupt Your Life. Curiosity, joy, integrity, clarity of commitment -- all of these are essential to social entrepreneurship in its deepest sense. But I had to disrupt my life and take a risk in order to rediscover them.
An Empathic Musical Orchestra -- A String of New Relationships. Claudia is a music therapist who works with children with disabilities. She guides them in the knowledge of musical instruments by teaching them to play together in an orchestra, creating a perfect harmony of sounds and putting together a marvelous sequence of chords.
The Global HIV/AIDS Community Can Take a Punch. In a community born of suffering, of loss and outrage, the senselessness can sometimes be too much. So it felt when the announcement that possibly more than 100 AIDS activists, researchers and experts had been lost on MH17. But the AIDS community has a long history of mourning by fighting. Taking this punch and getting up to fight harder.
What a Drive Through Mandela's Homeland Taught Me About Water. I arrived in Mandela's homeland thinking I had something to offer, but left feeling like I had just been given an education by some wiser friends.
An Internship With Impact. As the day progressed, runners, walkers, and volunteers flocked to the registration area where I was working. It became organized chaos. Before long, the entire park was filled with bright yellow and orange shirts emblazoned with the YAI logo.
Betrayal of Trust. Clearly, our legal and policing systems have not kept up with the explosion of materials and the ease of access that modern electronic communications have provided to those with a predilection to abuse children.
Helping Youth Be Bold. 
Stepping Up the Pace Means Leaving Nobody Behind. Despite the remarkable progress achieved globally, the prevalence and incidence of HIV among these groups remains far higher than in the general population in almost all regions of the world due to restricted access to information, prevention and treatment.
Not Our Children, Not Our Problem. When we stop behaving like xenophobic, isolationist silos, we might be able to prevent masses of people trying to escape abuse in their communities. We wait for crises to happen. We spend little time and money on prevention and we are in denial about the condition of the human spirit.
UN World Food Programme in Ecuador. he United Nations World Food Program (WFP) in Ecuador is using ancestral knowledge (conocimiento ancestral) to effectively reduce the impacts of climate change by helping Ecuadorian people to successfully adapt.
Warren Buffett Gives Single Largest Charitable Contribution. 
Sesame Street, School Readiness and Summertime. Helping children develop skills for lifelong learning does not only have to rest with the education system or on parents. It's something in which all of us can participate and nurture.
World Bank Poised to Deny Africa's Indigenous Peoples Their Rights. The fight over indigenous peoples' rights in Africa is much larger than the World Bank, where its Indigenous Peoples Policy is applied infrequently. The greatest danger comes instead from the World Bank's image, for good or ill, as a global standard-setter.
'They Came to Jeer, But Remained to Whitewash'. When was the last time you reenacted a scene from The Adventures of Tom Sawyer? More to the point, when was the last time you whitewashed a fence -- or, better yet -- paid for the privilege?
Parents Of Girl Born Without Nose Tell Others Not To Give Up On Babies With Rare Condition. 
Should Abortion Be 'Rare?'. Make abortion rare! By supporting universal contraceptive coverage. By supporting Planned Parenthood. By expanding education. By reducing unplanned pregnancies in all ways that empower women and reduce violence against women.
Kicking FIFA While It's Up. As the 2014 World Cup draws to a close, now is the time to enter an era of good governance of the world's most popular sport. That means FIFA, football's governing body, must change to ensure this beloved sport is a force for good in the world.
#JadaCounterPose Social Media Responsibility. How did the rape of a young girl become a trending topic? Many of us are appalled that this event occurred and sadly enough it's not the first time.
Abuse Allegations Still Plague Religious Homes for Troubled Teens. Though attitudes about appropriate disciplinary practices for children have certainly shifted over the last decade and a half, the debate on them is hardly closed.
Determination Defined. The lesson to learn from the \Carmen Rodriguez Story\ is that through hard work and dedication you can achieve your personal goals. Though life may hand you obstacles, you can turn them into opportunities.
How We Are Awesome. Dire events can have a way of making you a believer in miracles. If you find yourself in such circumstances, you're not alone, lean in on your faith. And if you have none, trust me, you can find it.
The Power to Create Initiative, Join the Party!. We have the potential to do so much better and even create enjoyable lives for everybody.  This is a believe I share with many others. But, we should not be blind to things that are happening around us, which at times can be discouraging.
As Demand Rises, Civil Legal Aid Innovates to Expand Access to Resources. It's clear that we will never close this gap unless our federal and state funders dramatically increase their support. In the meantime, we must also find ways to expand access to information that can help those in need.
5 Things You Can Do Today to Empower Women in Poverty. This summer, as you enjoy time off of work, keep in mind that the little things we do everyday and the opportunities we have to use our voice will have enormous impact for those living in poverty globally.
World Population Could Almost Quadruple By 2100 If Access To Contraception Doesn't Improve. 
Live a Life That Matters. When I watched the sunrise during my morning jog, I realized something. A smile came to my face because I realized that I'm alive, healthy and it has officially been ten years since my near fatal car accident.
U.S. Foreign Policy. Rather than continuing to react to fear, how about we develop a foreign-policy strategy that is based on a long-term vision rooted in love?
Woman Who Relied On Sister To Carry Her To School Wants More For Kids With Disabilities. 
Empathy Is Essential to Humanity. It is important not to forget that violence does not prevent violence. Only a negotiated peace between Israel and the Palestinians can eliminate this violence we have inherited from our parents.
Those Who Make It Possible. On days when you get to relax and have fun gathering with your friends and family for picnics and maybe some fireworks, give a few minute thoughts to those who keep us safe while we do it.
Donations Meant For Sick Conn. Boy Stolen After Store Ransacked In Burglary (How To Help). 
Feed A Child Apologizes For Allegedly Racist Commercial. 
What the World Food Programme, Hillary Clinton, Women and Nutrition Have in Common. I got the chance to be in an inspiring place where you can actually breathe knowledge and engagement for social-economic and human causes, namely poverty eradication and food access ( or accessibility) to all.
The Devil, the Detail, and the Future of Development. Corruption is a disaster for development. It wastes the resources that can build sustainable economies, guts confidence in government, and fuels inequality and conflict.
Don't Get Angry. Get Involved.. If someone on Twitter thinks gays should not have the right to marry, my 140 retort back isn't going to change their minds. I've never heard anyone ever say, \Someone posted a .jpeg on Facebook and now I'm a liberal!\
A Day Inside the Most Notorious Prison in the U.S.. As I walked and talked to these men, it felt like striking up a conversation in a park. They were regular people. I felt safe having long conversation with them.
Why Nonprofit CEOs MUST Embrace Social Media. If you want to take things up a notch, creating a social presence for your organization's CEO is the way to go.
How to Choose a Worthwhile Organization. It's hard to accept the fact that an organization to which you choose to dedicate your time and service may not be the worthwhile organization you originally thought it to be.
Enabling Education. It takes more than being smart to graduate, much less think about a first-generation higher education. It takes a learning environment, one that nourishes ambition and emphasizes routine.
Take an Extra Look. The number of children dying from vehicle-induced heatstroke is heartbreaking. We are barely into the hot summer months of 2014, and have already lost the lives of at least 15 children.
Yoga. 
Nonprofits Help People Facing Death Create Videos Documenting Memories, Goodbyes. 
Veterans of Foreign Wars. From what I hear, read and see, the VFW does a fine job at the national level. But, as with any large organization, many of the \good things\ take place where the rubber hits the road, at the local Posts.
Iraq War Vet. 
The Global Empowerment of the Next Generation. 
Raise Your Hand If You Think Veterans Deserve First Class Medical Care. 
Be Patriotic. To me, patriotism isn't just about celebrating our strengths; it's also about getting real about where we can -- and must -- do better.
This Woman Is Climbing Mount Kilimanjaro To Help City Kids Discover The Outdoors. 
Reflecting on 50 Years of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. Today, July 2, 2014, marks the 50th anniversary of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the landmark legislation signed by President Lyndon B. Johnson outlawing discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, or national origin.
Miles O'Brien Training for Less Cancer Bike Ride. Award-winning journalist and Lesscancer.org Board Member Miles O'Brien is training for The Less Cancer Bike Ride to Mackinac. The ride leaves July 12th with O'Brien and Team Less Cancer.
My Journey From Baseball Star to ALS Patient, 75 Years After Lou Gehrig. My name is Peter Frates, and I was diagnosed on that date with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) -- otherwise known as Lou Gehrig's disease. As we mourn the 75-year anniversary of Gehrig's famous Fourth of July \Luckiest Man\ speech, I am here to tell my own story and raise awareness of the effects of this terrible disease.
Girls and Environmental Change Go Hand in Hand. World Environment Day is in June, so it seemed fitting to post this article in June.  Then, I got to thinking, every day should be a day where we are working to make sustainable changes for our environment.
Buckle Up -- Things Are Getting Real With #TheStitch!. You know those seasons in life that you look back on and think, \Whew, those were some amazing times!\? Well, that's how we're going to look back on what's happening right now.
Countering a Culture of Fear. The terrorist attacks perpetrated in Boston, London, Mumbai, Nairobi and New York, and the kidnapping of schoolgirls in Nigeria, have all been amplified by communication. The fear of crime is becoming almost as pervasive and harmful as crime itself.
How to Help America's Vets and Heroes Right Now. I figure, the least we can do is give back. These charities do some really innovative work to support vets, and other American heroes.
Boston Marathon Runners Shatter Charity Records, Raise $38.4 Million. 
Lamb's-Head Stew. At 44, she doesn't take this work for granted -- it's been a long road from selling food off a street cart to owning her own restaurant.
Conflict and Late Rains Drive Thousands from Their Homes in Somalia. Shukri Sheikh Ali thought this year would be different. It was to be a time of rebuilding, of recovering, of returning home. Instead, she is starting over once again from scratch, her land thirsty for rain and her village emptied by conflict.
What Would People Think?. 
Building a Better Economy Is a Shared Task. Don't let its friendly moniker fool you
Protests and Politics at the World Cup. 
Making Time to Make a Difference. I don't define myself solely by my job. For me, it's just as important to use my time outside of work in ways that are fulfilling. In my spare time, I volunteer with the YAI Network.
Balancing Work and Cancer. 
U.N.'s Own Study Reveals Its $13 Billion Maternal Health Efforts Aren't Saving Lives. 
The Global Search for Education. Poverty, ignorance, poor health and undernutrition trap the lives of mothers and infants in vicious cycles according to the findings of a Symposium on Maternal and Child Health and Nutrition in Emerging Markets.
A Challenge for Trail Runners. 
These Are The Most Generous Cities In America. 
Shrimp Supply Tainted With Modern Slavery. Americans love shrimp. In fact, we love it so much that we eat it more than any other seafood, and almost more than tuna and salmon combined. However, that love comes with a price -- and a steep one at that.
How Do You Deliver Health Care Where There Are No Roads? Make Community Health Workers Better. Though illness is universal, access to care is not. Around the world, over 1 billion people in the world's most remote villages go their entire lives without being seen by a health worker.
This Veteran's Story Shows the Healing Power of Having a Service Dog. Because of my PTSD, I couldn't leave the house without the constant fear that someone was going to kill me. I figured my life was over as I knew it. I was wrong.
5 Apps To Help Change The World. 
A Simple Facebook Trick Makes Our Charity Unique. Our idea was to take clothes that are not needed anymore and give them to the not so fortunate ones, and to do so by building a unique network all over India. Our basic insight was that we saw a poor delivery mechanism for donations, which lacked efficiency and credibility.
The Results. On this National HIV Testing Day #NHTD I share my recent experience not to excuse my decision making, but to encourage others who may find themselves in a similar situation to take action.
The Daily Show With Jon Stewart Takes Down Child Labor on Tobacco Farms. I've done dozens of interviews about child labor in tobacco farming, both as the one asking the questions and the one answering them. But none of them were quite like my interview with Samantha Bee.
Reflecting on Inspirational Special Olympics USA Games in New Jersey. The 2014 Special Olympics USA National Games have just concluded and I applaud all of the event organizers, volunteers, supporters, and especially the athletes, for making this an amazing event.
From the Front Line Against HIV. The ban on federal funds for syringe services programs (SSPs) wrests control from injection drug users -- an abject failure of government to support evidence-based public health, and a rejection of the domestic and global goal of an AIDS-free generation.
Aging Utilities Killing Americans and Their Future. About a hundred first responders are meeting in Long Beach, California this week to discuss -- among other things -- the state of the nation's infrastructure.
Our Chance to Get 29 Million Children Into School. Elementary school classes with 200 kids and only one teacher. Textbooks shared by 10 or more students. Children working off of bricks under a tree, rather than at desks in a classroom. These kinds of learning conditions are the reality in many parts of Malawi.
Consumer Beware in Biomedical Research and Women's Health. Lost amidst the flurry of changes is a pervasive health care policy issue that significantly affects all of our health outcomes as well as our health care dollar
Sport for Good. As the sector continues to grow, we collectively owe a huge debt of gratitude to the late Nelson Mandela. Mandela was a major advocate for using sports to promote change, and many people credit him with being the \father\ of Sport for Good.
Prince Harry Opens Up About Losing Princess Diana While Visiting Orphans In Brazil. 
Private Capital, Public Good, Federal Policy. The report, the White House event and this week's activities on Capitol Hill kick off a summer of impact investment advocacy that will culminate in a September report from a global task force established at last June's G8 summit in the United Kingdom.
4 Reasons Why You Should Volunteer Abroad at 40. Big dates make us pause, review where our lives have taken us, reevaluate our priorities and set new goals. For those who do not have children, a change of scenery to clear your head and make a difference for communities in need can help.
Susan Rockefeller \u2013 The Ocean's Voice. I want to protect our environment because I love it. I would go out to East Hampton when I was young and absorb the magic of the elements of sun, sand, salt and water. I also spent summers in Maine, where I had more of the woods and the Henry David Thoreau experience of living simply.
Bringing the Girl Scout Movement to the Crossroads of the West. From October 16-19, 2014, the Girl Scouts of the USA will bring our 2014 National Council Session/53rd Convention to Salt Lake City, Utah.
AIDS Killed My Mother's Generation, But My Children Can Be AIDS-Free. In 2003, I learned I was HIV-positive on a return visit to Zambia. In that moment I felt entirely hopeless as my mother had just recently passed away, too. I had the support of my family and those that I worked with, but no guarantee for my future. Would I, too, be part of the lost generation in Zambia?
To End America's Hepatitis C Epidemic, Bring It Out of the Shadows. Just 25 years ago, scientists identified the previously unknown virus that has since killed hundreds of thousands of Americans. It now threatens the health of millions more.
Never Giving Up and Graduating From High School. 
Increasing Competition and Reducing Fees Can Help Harness Remittances for Economic Development. While remittances to Africa are helping to reduce poverty in individual households in sub-Saharan Africa, panelists from top financial institutions and the African Diasporan community agreed that channeling remittances flows through collective investment schemes and other innovative approaches are necessary to maximize its impact for sustainable development.
Dr. Carolyn Woo of CRS Talks Impact Investing to End Poverty. Lots of people invest their money one way or another. It's in one's self-interest to build their own financial security. Some people do very well at it.
Another Modest Proposal. We hear it after every mass shooting
Amid Backdrop Of World Cup, New Homeless Camp With 800 Residents Reveals Stark Inequality. 
Mothers and Fathers Across Borders Can Influence Peace. 
There Are 400 Million More People In Poverty Than Previously Believed. 
The Culture of Rape in South Asia. Misogyny is a universal phenomenon which is prevalent in every society in varying degrees and in different forms. Rape is one of the most perverted expressions of misogyny as it bestows ultimate humiliation on the victim.
Healing Vigilante. Funnel that inner dialogue into simply what is happening in the moment -- no criticism, assumption, judgment, or evaluation.
Lancet Series On Midwifery. I know from my experience as a midwife and an academic that midwifery is the best value option for delivering high-quality maternal and newborn care. By a long way, investing in well-educated midwives can give a 16-fold return on investment.
Design Out of Reach. 
Open Letter to African Union Heads of State. As Africans, we are tired of caricatures. But we are also tired of waiting to be led toward the one Africa we all want -- the Africa that can and should be. We know the real Africa, filled with possibilities, dignity and opportunities. Never has the time been more right for us to finally realize our full potential.
What If We Were All Family Generation Changers?. What if, in doing so, we won't just create new opportunities for ourselves, we'll also uncover ways to create new opportunities for our families that may not have otherwise existed?
Newtown. A noteworthy event took place in Newtown, CT last month. On May 31, the Newtown community proudly hosted a gathering of visitors. No media, no politics -- just people.
#MeWeSyria. The barriers are perceived as unbreakable, but what I found was that barriers can and will be broken down all the time, all around us. The world may be failing the youth of Syria by not realizing peace, but the youth of Syria will not fail the world.
Making Yoga Affordable To All. This is an interview with Peggy Hong, who is part of a growing movement to incorporate themes of social justice into yoga classes, workshops, and programs.
Inspired at the Special Olympics USA Games 2014. I have been a volunteer tennis coach for the Special Olympics in Mercer County, New Jersey for over 10 years, and I can confidently say that it has been one of the most rewarding and enjoyable experiences of my life.
Bolsa Familia Program -- Ending the World Problems Through Education and Food. In my recent trip to Brazil, I had the opportunity to learn about Bolsa Familia -- one of the most popular cash-transfer schemes in Latin America.
Lessons from Thrive, on Passion and Commitment. So if we stay calm and focus on our passions, they will transform in what we truly want to be and do, because we are human beings willing to make a meaningful difference in the world, at least for the amount of time we are on earth.
Photos Of Waikiki's Homeless Reveal What It's Like To Live On The Streets In Paradise. 
Social Businesses Look to Accelerate Impact. Few focus on supporting social purpose businesses that aim to provide investors with a financial return as well as a positive social impact.
The Dichotomy of Forgiveness. I have a relationship with my children's dad today that is nothing short of miraculous. We laugh, we talk, love our sons unconditionally and with unabashed pride. Would I be the person I am today had I not been born to my family, through my father, to the life I live?
Social Good at London Technology Week. Yesterday, I moderated a panel on the role technology plays in creating social impact. The Tech+SocialGood panel was held at Google Campus and organized as part of London Technology Week
87% Of Millennials Donated To Charity Last Year And You Should Stop Calling Them Selfish. 
Making A Difference. Philanthropy and charitable donations are back! Americans once again gave more in 2013 than in the previous year. As Americans, we supported causes we cared about with gifts both big and small.
Adults, Including Congress, Also Need to Make the Right Choices. Parents count of schools to \do right\ by our children and to ensure that, just as kids learn reading and math skills that lay the foundation for later learning and success, healthy eating is taught and modeled throughout the school day as well. This is important for all kids, but especially for low-income children.
Back to the Future of My MD (Pt. I). We're the newest recruits to join the age-old struggles against the violence of apathy and ignorance.  While we can expect to venture into new areas of knowledge, and we may be the first to confront new illnesses, these forces of violence will be at work, and they are anything but new.
Why I've Forgiven My Father. I began to think of my father as less of a ghost that haunted me and more as a flawed man that I wouldn't allow to hurt me any longer. It took time and patience, but I stuck with it. Then one day, I was actually able to say the words out loud and with nobody else around
Empowering Youth around the World. 
HIV-Positive Couple Had 3 Kids All Free Of Disease. One Of The Main Reasons? Dad's Role. 
Sarah McLachlan's 'Song For My Father'. In a loving tribute to her dad, singer/songwriter Sarah McLachlan's new album Shine On was largely inspired by the passing of her father. The result is an emotional, heartfelt mix of photos and quotes set to Sarah's acoustic version of the song about her dad Jack, who you see at the end of the video.
Reduce Early Fathering? Teach Men About Birth Control. Fatherhood is a big business these days, but it's missing an important piece.
In Memory of My Father. My father taught me many lessons. One that still resonates true today is, \Be an engine, not a caboose.\ Lead the train down the track; don't follow it. It's funny how a few words you hear as a child echo inside you decades later.
Our Language, Their Voices. But as we divide them up, zero in on the one that is more powerful than the other -- have we looked over the heads of the survivors, ignored their politics, their power?
The World Cup Is More Than Just Soccer, It's A Reminder My Dad Once Lived Here. It's hard for me to remember my dad before the hospitals, the psychiatric wards, the 911 calls and hospice care. He was sick for so long, it feels like he was always that way. But there are moments that are clear to me and that Germany-USA match is one of them.
From Prostitute to Professor. While we now refer to Angelou as a renaissance woman, until she published I Know Why The Caged Bird Sings in her 40s, her life resembled what is referred to in ghetto parlance as a hot mess.
Four Steps To Instigate True Social Intrapreneurship In Your Organization. The truth is there's more and more information out there about how to succeed in making a difference from the inside.  It's easier now more than ever for employees who want to have impact in their work, to find the tools and understand the challenges they face to get there. But every story has more than one side.  Where are the companies at?
People Would Rather Give To Homeless Mannequins Than To Actual Homeless People. 
Children Sold For Sex At World Cup For Few Dollars, Pack Of Cigarettes. 
Making Malaria Matter. \How can we make malaria matter?\ That's the question I was asked most often as I traveled throughout Thailand and into the Chittagong Hill Tracts of Bangladesh to study the parasitic infectious disease that still kills an estimated 1 million human beings each year.
This World Cup Let's Work to End Child Labor. The concern with protecting Brazilian children and adolescents from child labor during the World Cup is both legitimate and necessary.
Meet The Bereaved Parents Doing Amazing Things In The Face Of Unfathomable Loss. 
The Ripple Effect Of Your Lovely Life. You can't help but be part of the whole. This is not only your life that we're talking about. How you speak to your loved ones, the energy you bring when you walk into a room, how you spend your down time -- it all matters. The impact is far-reaching, and it starts with you.
Should I Give Money to the Homeless?. Choosing to give or not to give comes down to our own beliefs as well as many momentary factors. Here are the ways I believe you can do the most good.
The Link Between Donald Sterling and Harry Belafonte. What does Harry Belafonte have in common with Donald Sterling? They both believe that successful African Americans fail to give back to the broader black community. But I think that the more important point, which is being lost, is this
Wisconsin. I had never seen the Mississippi River up close, with its picture-perfect views until I arrived in Wisconsin, but the beautiful city of La Crosse will also stand out to me for some of the best food in AMERICA.
#TimeToAct on Sri Lanka. I cannot fathom why the UK government is not denouncing the Sri Lankan government's atrocities. Why are they not demanding that the perpetrators be brought to justice? Why are they deporting survivors of torture and rape back to Sri Lanka, and endangering their lives?
Love Will Multiply With More Hands. \Every card is a person. But you can only reach a finite number of people; love will multiply with more hands.\ He was right.
Protecting The Sanctuaries. 
\Karibu:\ Inclusion in a Word. I often find it hard to express complex and intense emotions in words. But the word \Karibu\ says so much. It captures the heart of Tanzanian and broader East African culture.
Looking Back on the 70th D-Day Anniversary. The 70th anniversary of D-Day is now history -- and what a history! But the deeds of its heroes, the images of the celebration and our reflections on that historic day linger on.
WHY Music. 
The Power of a Service Year. Today's easy citizenship does not require much of us. Taxation enables us to support common projects and voting to elect candidates that a majority supports. But there are far too few experiences that bring us together in shared community and national purpose.
Beyond the Scapegoat. Making medical care more accessible is great, and the long-term goal of building new facilities and refurbishing old ones sounds great.  But let's address the real problem
What African Drums Can Teach Us About Motherhood. Drums always make me think of Africa and the ways we celebrate. In fact, we will go out of our way to find a reason to celebrate.  Drumbeats accompany marriages, births, graduations, protests, celebrations . . . pretty much any major milestone. The birth of a child is celebrated with drums that have a particularly special meaning.  After all, when an unborn child is developing, the first sound it hears is mother's rhythmic heartbeat.
Why Criminalizing Bullying Is the Wrong Approach. Instead of criminalizing bullying, we must work to prevent bullying before it starts by creating safe and supportive school climates and providing consequences that help restore and repair relationships and environments, preventing bullying from continuing.
America's Vice Cop -- The Expert Evaluator of America's Child Sex Trafficking Programs. 
Meet The Man Who Coined The Term 'Genocide,' And Fought To Stop It From Happening. 
Whoopi Goldberg Keeps It Real at Prison College Graduation, Discussing Her Shortcomings. 
In Response to Amb. Cathy Russell. Ambassador Russell's call for rescuing the nearly 300 Nigerian girls abducted by Boko Haram and then sending them to school ignores reality.
The One Thing the Class of 2014 Needs to Hear Before Graduating. Cliches don't help careers or shape character. Real concrete opportunities do.  National service -- a \service year\ -- is one opportunity that every young person needs to hear about.
Joining Forces With Michelle Obama and National Leaders to End Veteran Homelessness. First Lady Michelle Obama's call to action to end homelessness among veterans by the end of 2015 is an achievable mission if we unite as a country now. We can end chronic homelessness among veterans with the continued support from local, state and federal government working together with community partners.
Child War Refugees Starving in Cameroon. Imagine fleeing a war that is taking place in your country. The further the distance you get from the fighting, the safer you would seem to be. Tragically this is not the case. For another enemy is waiting for you. It is hunger, and dehydration. These are the most relentless of foes. You cannot run from them.
Money and Happiness. We've all heard that money can't buy happiness. It may interest you to know that Michael Norton of the Harvard Business School says, \If you think money can't buy happiness, you're not spending it right.\ His study found that what generates happiness is spending it on others.
Yoga. 
Changing the Way We Experience Loss and Death. This is the one gem of light in the otherwise torturous loss of a loved one. Being conscious of this gift, allowing it and remembering it (for yourself and others) could be life changing during grieving, so spread the word.
I Haven't Got Time for the Pain. Ironically, it has been about two years since one of my many doctors wrote a script for my use of medicinal marijuana, I never asked for one, and never used it.
Please Pass the Priesthood. So here we sit in the 21st century. Women still asking if they can work, eat, be paid equally, have abortions, a job and an education. Here we are still wondering what we need to do to be equal in the world, in our families, cultures, and in ourselves.
This Man Sold Everything He Owned And Walked Across America To Find His Purpose. 
US-China Student Summit Creates Tomorrow's Relationships Today. Imagine what would happen if you brought nearly 400 university-age students together -- half from the US and half from China. It would be the start of something pretty spectacular.
Moving Conflict Beyond Words. Beyond Words in creating a space where it's safe to tell forbidden stories; stories about what it's like to live next to the person you've been taught is your enemy. Stories about rape, fear and prejudice being used as weapons in every day life.
\What's in a Name?\. On the key issue of why a young person would leave school without a diploma, researchers found that 25 different factors were mentioned over and over again, with abuse, homelessness and time in juvenile detention topping the list.
Affordable Universal Healthcare and Social Security. Universal Healthcare and Livable Social Security are essential to save our states, cities, public authorities and public education from the crippling and bankrupting burdens of healthcare and pensions and for economic recovery and national prosperity.
Reborn in the USA. The love and support of my wife and four year-old daughter notwithstanding, I'm not sure I would have made it through that summer, or that year, had it not been for Born in the USA, the new album from Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band.
WATCH. 
After Cancer, Giving Back. Now that I've been nominated as a candidate for the 2014 Leukemia & Lymphoma Society (LLS) Man & Woman of the Year campaign, I have another chance at redemption.
Lauren Potter of Glee. As a girl who has accomplished things that many didn't think were possible, I know that people can be wrong when they judge someone else just because they are different.
This Photographer Raised $50,000 To Fight Human Trafficking After Being Offered A Baby For $50. 
Changing the Human Narrative. He rightly asks the question
Why It's More Important Now Than Ever For Congress Members To Experience Poverty. 
The Global Search for Education. 
Searching for an Answer. 
Memorial Day. America remembers its soldiers killed in action, preferably with a parade, which, surprisingly enough, is a festive event. And my new home town of Princeton, NJ, where I moved two years ago from Holland, is no exception.
When Life Gets Tough, Moms Get Tougher. Disasters can strike at any place, and any time. But, as Save the Children uncovered in its 15th annual State of the World's Mothers report, the devastation they leave in their wake impacts some more than others
Father's Day Heroes. Imagine watching your child face each day with pain and suffering, when even gentle hugs can bring about tears and every day is a challenge just to take a bath or walk up stairs.
How to Overcome the Geographic Handicap. 
The Day I Met My Hero. For anyone invested in reproductive justice today, Willie Parker, MD, MPH, MSc, is at the top of the hero list.
World Cup, Forced Labor and Trafficking. Let's talk about what we, as soccer fans around the world, can do to make some noise about labor rights and abuse of the very workers who make events like the World Cup and Olympics possible.
Setting the Table for a Hungry City. 
Lifesaving Convictions. Though terrorism is an insidious threat, the biggest risk to Africa's children is disease, which often can be prevented through routine immunization.
What If We Put a Full Stop to Period Punishments?. What if, together, we can see to it puberty is a wonderful passage into all of the possibilities of adulthood, instead of a life sentence into insecurity, shame and isolation for young women?
Memories. It was the summer of 1979. There were about 20 interns, and we were each assigned to an Assistant U.S. Attorney (AUSA), one of the hundred or so line prosecutors in the office. I was assigned to AUSA Ted Lackland.
Generation X. When punk rocker Billy Idol found \Generation X\ on one of his mother's book shelves, the title seemed more than appropriate for an emerging band searching for a new identity and a rebellious voice.
My Father Was a Doolittle Tokyo Raider and a Gold Medal Dad. Pacific fleet. My Father was one of the airmen who became known as the Doolittle Tokyo Raiders of the 17th Bombardment Group of the Army Air Corps. 80 men volunteered for \an extremely hazardous mission,\ without knowing the target, location, or the assignment.
Eye-Opening Social Experiment Flips The Script On Domestic Violence. 
What Are You Doing at 3 p.m. on Monday?. 
A Grateful Nation Remembers Fallen Heroes. Although we are all aware of the remarkable leadership and sacrifice of great generals of wars past and present, it is the silence of those men and women who died during combat that speaks so clearly to the meaning of bravery and patriotism.
\We Are Not Job-Seekers, We Are Job-Creators\-- Turning Unemployment into Entrepreneurship. Replicating the social business equity investments with unemployed youth around the world can help solve the age-old problem of unemployment, not just in the poor countries but in any country and can turn job-seekers into job creators.
Memorial Day Memories. For too long I suppressed my feelings and allowed hate, anger and pain to engulf my life, and it almost cost me everything. Now I feel as if I have finally found my place in the world and I work every day toward becoming a better man and trying to find a way to honor the memory of my fallen comrades.
On This Most Important of Weekends, I'm Proudly Racing for Love of Country. We live in a country that allows each of us to follow our dream of doing what we love -- and it's because of our brave military members that this is possible.
A Bridge Over Troubled Streets. There is a busy street just on the edge of downtown Los Angeles that is becoming well known. Not because of its manicured trees and landscaping, since there are very few trees. Not because of its high-end boutique shopping stores, since there are none.
The Meaning of Memorial Day. For so many people, Memorial Day is about the start of summer, family cookouts and trips to the beach. And while all those things celebrate the freedoms we all enjoy as Americans, for the families of our fallen troops Memorial Day is deeply personal.
7 Things About Homeless Kids You Probably Didn't Know. 
Global Health Must Include Mental Health. Mental health challenges are a significant barrier to economic and social development around the world. Resources and expertise are extremely limited, creating a huge gap between the need and the ability to treat.
Bridging Yoga and Mental Health Care. 
Freeing Women From Isolation Through One Simple Procedure. The day a baby is born should be joyful. Mothers should be filled with anticipation, envisioning an exciting future with their child. However, too many women on my ward see their baby's day of birth as the beginning of a life filled with pain, shame and isolation.
11 Reasons Why Being In a Wheelchair Is Awesome. At the end of the day, this life is more than I deserve, so with a little humor, I'm here to set the record straight. Being in a wheelchair isn't so bad after all, and I've compiled a list that proves just that!
My Mother And My Heroes Were Muslim Women Who Supported Education for Girls. When I think about how hard my mother worked to send me and my siblings to school, I know that these girls' mothers are working just as hard. I know it! Whether they have been to school or not, mothers know how essential education is for their daughters.
The Power of Perspective. The world would be a lot simpler if humans were built to be the same, or at least very similar. We would understand how each other thinks, our paths to get to a certain point in life would be the same, and our opinions would be non-existent.
Albert Pujols and the End to Down Syndrome Bullying. This one presented a unique opportunity for all of us to contribute, without ever having to spend a nickel
California Mayor Sleeps In Cardboard Box For Night To 'Experience' Homelessness. 
Missing Nigerian Schoolgirls Highlight Communities in Need. How is it that in 2014 a girl still has to ask for a whiteboard in her classroom? How is it that in 2014 more than 200 girls can simply vanish into a forest for more than a month?
10 Most Difficult Places To Be A Mother Around The World. 
Chagas Disease. Almost 6 million of the most vulnerable people living in the nine World Cup participating Latin American countries today do not receive treatment for their most debilitating neglected tropical disease.
Consider Donating Your War Letters for Memorial Day. 
'Stunning' Data Proves, Yet Again, Housing The Homeless Would Actually Save Taxpayers Big Time. 
How to Make Disability Mainstream, Today. 
Diversity in Children's Books. The lack of diversity in children's literature is a problem that requires a market-based solution.  That starts with understanding the pressures facing the book industry.
From Auschwitz to Activism -- 70 Years on From the Holocaust. As I walk around the city, I see the shrines and monuments to the Holocaust. This includes park benches with their\u00a0Nein Juden\u00a0signs removed, old SS buildings that are now boarded up, and freshly-sprayed swastikas that remind me how the soul of anti-Semitism lives on.
An Engineering Student Working to Improve His Community. Global Kids stresses the importance of participation and coming up with action plans, that is, not only just talking about an issue, but actually getting active in the community.
'Be Quick, But Don't Hurry'. Crises have a way of swallowing quality and achievement when we allow them to justify haste.  The antidote seems to be action that is strategic, reflective, and urgent.
Developing Tomorrow's Talent. People today generally agree that the goal of education is to convey knowledge. But if all the world's knowledge is instantaneously available online via a mobile device, how does that affect what we need to teach in schools and through other educational channels?
Disney Could Learn A Thing Or Two From This 'Ariel' Model Who Uses A Wheelchair. 
Despite Progress, 748 Million Still Lack Access To Clean Water. 
I Believe in the Power of People to Save Lives. The fact is, most people know very little about the bone marrow donation process, and quite often, have outdated or inaccurate ideas about how it works.
The Long Fight for Justice. In 2014, we look at many of those past inequalities as unjust, often struggling to understand why these people were denied equal rights for so long. This begs the question, what will future generations view as unjust in our current society?
The Problem of Health Inequity Unites Us All. When studies take place, researchers often fail to analyze data by sex or include sex-specific factors, making it difficult to uncover differences in incidence, prevalence and survivability between men and women.
I Don't Care About Autism. Have I offended you yet? Have you already started crafting a nasty comment to post below?
The African Women's Education Terror Antidote. Despite a certain degree of activism by some women leaders, the progress of girls' education across Africa still lags behind that of boys at all levels and is particularly bleak at the postgraduate level.
Kidnapped School Girls of Nigeria. 
Warrior Women and the Work of Abigail Pesta. The written word is a vehicle for social change. The stroke of a pen can incite a call to action against unquestioned forms of injustice. For decades, journalism has been used as a medium to advance women's rights movements.
Nigeria's Kidnapped Girls Are Like Canaries in a Coal Mine. The recent tragic events expose the critical importance of good governance. As its politicians and bureaucrats are neither accountable to, nor in touch with, their own people, Nigeria suffers from failures of representation.
Workplace Heroism. On November 25, 2008 a group of Islamic terrorists invaded and lay siege to the building all employees and guests of the Taj Mahal Palace Hotel in Mumbai. Remarkably all the employees chose to remain in the building, rather than flee to safety as they were instructed to do in cases of emergency.
Teen Talk. What do my teens feel about what's happened in Nigeria? Or about the fact that in some parts of the world, attempting to pursue an education could cost a girl her freedom and her life? What do the their teenage friends think? What's the buzz in the high school halls?
Role Models Matter -- and So Does Training. Fewer than 60 percent of girls have met a woman in a science, technology, engineering, or math (STEM) career. Maybe that is part of the reason why women represent only 14 percent of the engineering workforce. If there were more role models, how many more girls might be inspired to pursue a passion in engineering or start up a tech company?
What Will Happen To Homeless Vets When VA Declares Vet Homelessness 'Over' Next Year?. 
Modern Family Relationships Support a Strong America. In recognition of the International Year of the Family, which was first declared by the United Nations on May 15 20 years ago, the Alliance for Children and Families and Generations United set about taking America's temperature on family connections across generations
Yoga as a Tool for Development. This is an interview with Philipa von Kerckerinck, who found a way to combine her graduate work in international development with yoga.
Persistence Matters. 
'I Decide:' A Campaign Calling on World Leaders to Put Sexual and Reproductive Health and Rights at the Heart of Global Development. Our message is simple. People should have the right to decide -- who they live with; what happens to their bodies; if, when, and how many children to have -- the right to determine their futures.
The Boko Haram Kidnappings. You might not be able to bring back the girls kidnapped in Nigeria with your support now, but you can ensure that the world takes preventive steps to ensure that women and girls are protected, empowered, and educated -- fearlessly -- around the world.
Happiness is Having 37 Kids!. What brings comfort to my heart as a mother? I long for the day when my kids want for themselves what I want for them -- pure hearts, faith, health, open minds, great character and the drive to succeed.
Not on Our Watch. The outrage and sadness I feel at the abduction of these young girls in Nigeria cannot be described.
Why Would You Walk a Marathon in Your Bra Around New York City?. 
A Lay (Wo)mans Description; FSHD Muscular Dystrophy 101. At some point in time when we are in a conversation with someone who is disabled, we always come to the point that somebody will ask \What do you have?\
Our Mothers' Long Goodbye. So we're fighting for our Moms, for their memory, for their daughters, for their granddaughters and every generation to come -- so they can live the full lives they deserve and proudly carry forward the genes of the valiant women our Mothers were.
This Mother's Day, Moms With HIV/AIDS Celebrate Ability To Safely Breastfeed Their Babies. 
CML Is Not Yet Cured. The word cure evokes powerful images of treatments ending, and a survivor stepping away from the carnage to begin a new life. It is the hope many cancer patients reach for. This is why OHSU sparked outrage this week when they began their One Down Campaign.
Celebrating World Lupus Day. Today celebrates a decade-long movement to gain public and private interest to increase financial support, resources and assistance for the chronic, autoimmune disease that affects an estimated 2 million people in the United States alone.
Passing the Baton in Memory of My Mother. Seven years ago, I Iost my mother after she waged a long battle with ovarian cancer. The memory of her struggle fills me with both pride and sadness. Most of all, it makes me want to strike back against the disease that killed her. I want to help bring an end to cancer.
Homeless Say These Tiny Houses Are 'Life Changing'. 
5 Ways To Help Moms Who Need It Most This Mother's Day. 
5 Reasons You Thrive By Giving. Giving is good for your health. Well, if you wanted a selfish reason, there you have one! A study last year at the University of Exeter Medical School found that volunteering was connected to lower rates of depression.
What To Expect When You're An Expecting Social Entrepreneur. Creating a human being and creating a social venture have a lot in common
The Fashion Accessory No Teen Really Wants. 
Honoring Initiators Who Lead Social Change. In those cities, residents and visitors gathered to celebrate the states' historic votes to legalize and regulate recreational use of marijuana.
Hawaii's Homeless Turn To Tree Houses, Say Fines Make Life On Streets 'Impossible'. 
Haiyan Six Months On. Six months after one of the strongest tropical storms ever recorded on earth slammed into the Philippines last November, the physical signs of recovery are increasingly visible.
Heroes for Homeless Kids Celebrate in Aurora. Late spring 1993, a widow and her three children became homeless. Tyeast Boatwright had managed to get by after her husband's death. She'd had a good job coding pediatric medical records for the University of Chicago, but administrative cuts eliminated her position.
These Models Were Asked To Make This Issue Sexy, And They Failed For Good Reason. 
Objection, Your Honor. Victim blaming has absolutely no place in the courtroom, especially by a judge.
How's Your Love Life... With Your Country?. We donate to a few causes we care about, and occasionally sign an online petition, but we throw our hands up in defeat when it comes to tackling the big issues facing our country.
Do Bullied Youth Really Carry Weapons to School?. We know bullying is a common factor in many school shooting incidents, but what does the data really say? As a trained researcher, I wanted to dig deeper beyond the news reports and went searching for the study.
Yoga. 
Gambling with Motherhood. I never considered my mother a gambler, but looking back to my earliest days in Ethiopia, I realize that the likelihood of my mother and me both dying during childbirth was alarmingly high.
The Nature of Investing by Katherine Collins... a Review. You might ask why a very successful professional at the top of her game might leave the comfort and prestige of a hard-won executive role leading the largest research team in the world to go on a pilgrimage, build houses in 20 remote countries for Habitat for Humanity all while roping in a degree from the Harvard Divinity School!
Why Every Social Entrepreneur Needs to Read This Book. Paulo Freire, author of the seminal 1970 book Pedagogy of the Oppressed, saw the world not as a given reality, but as \a problem to be worked on and solved.\
U.N. Warns Group That Kidnapped Nigerian Girls. 
Use Your Head, Wear a Helmet -- Your Kids Are Watching. As parents, we have an important role to play. We might not be super cool stunt bikers, but our kids are watching us just as closely as they watch Chris Clark or any of the other extreme athletes who will be participating (and wearing helmets) in next month's X Games.
Celebrating The Unsung Hero In Your Delivery Room. No matter who or where we are in the world, we all want our mothers and babies to be healthy.
A Living Systems Approach to Addressing the High School Dropout Crisis. 
The War on AIDS Is Not Over. The AIDS epidemic in America is still far too real. And the risk factors have taken on a new face
Entrepreneurship in Pakistan. 
Can Relief for California's Devastating Drought Be Had for a Few Drops?. Italian entrepreneur Arturo Vittori has designed a seemingly economical and sustainable solution for harvesting atmospheric water vapors -- literally collecting drinking water from the air.
Meet the Man Educating A Generation Of Compassionate Leaders. 
The Biggest Giving Day Ever?. Tuesday's Give Local America event is expected to be the largest online community giving event in U.S. history.
How Philanthropy Contributed to Improved Conditions for Tomato Pickers. Laborers, mostly immigrants, are now less likely to be abused, and they experience better working conditions and receive higher pay.
School on Wheels Is Beacon of Hope for Students Impacted By Homelessness. When University of Massachusetts Dartmouth senior Kerenne Paul crosses the stage in her cap and gown on Friday, May 16, the occasion will be a day of firsts for the 22-year-old formerly homeless undergraduate and her mentors at the non-profit organization, SOWMA.
Yoga for The Heart. Many people who suffer from serious health problems spend a significant amount time in a hospital. They typically have a variety of appointments with doctors and therapists, and much of their time is consumed traveling among medical professionals. Providing a yoga class in a hospital setting allows patients to have access to yoga in a convenient location.
If It's a Contest, Who Wins? Brandraising vs. Fundraising. By marrying branding and fundraising, non-profits can achieve a strong, consistent and persuasive message, one that provides the \who\ and the \what\ -- and for supporters, the all-important \why.\
In Depth and Personal With Tom Cochrane. 
Finding Our Compass. I am in no way diminishing the need for ongoing advocacy and increased recognition and value for nursing. Nursing is, and will always be, a big part of who I am -- but we need to be  confident in the important role we play in health care delivery.
Seven Years Ago Today. When I hear or read that individuals on the autism spectrum don't form relationships, don't understand what's going on around them, or that they're \in their own world,\ I think of Sam.
Crimes Against Women. The 39th President of the United States identifies some of the most deplorable and widespread acts of gender-based violence -- something he calls \the most serious challenge facing us now\ -- while taking special issue with the religious persecution of women.
The Global Search for Education. 
4 'Supermoms' Join Forces for Meaningful Mother's Day Event. With Mother's Day right around the corner, now is perfect time for us to reflect on why they are so special. After speaking with four moms who all share a vision for supporting moms-to-be, it was easy to see that there was something heroic about all of them.
Much Ado About Mayo. I write today not just to applaud a bunch of teens who got up early on a Saturday morning to help, without a single request for \service hours,\ but to underscore the importance of a packet of mayonnaise.
Thriving in the Social Sector. Arianna's message -- and specific tips -- about well-being should be directed with special attention to not-for-profit and social enterprise professionals ... Enabling them to take care of themselves first will allow them to more effectively take care of the people they aim to serve.
Using New Technology to Give Voice to the Voiceless. The consequences of violence for young people are far-reaching, spanning generations. Exposure to an assault and abuse does not only leave physical scars.
Today's Technology Can Bring Needed Health Care to Underserved Children. With millions of Californians gaining health and dental coverage under the Affordable Care Act, the demand for doctors and other providers is greater than ever. Recent advances in technology have made telehealth an important tool in connecting children to health care providers.
One Place You Won't Find the Confidence Gap. I have been around confident, amazing women my whole life -- from school, to work, to the mothers of my children's friends, there are confident women all around me. And I, myself, have had a successful career. With that said, when I think deeply about it, I do see examples fairly frequently that can fall under the theme of the confidence gap.
Central African Republic and Its Neglected Tropical Diseases. Neglected tropical diseases (NTDs) and poverty reinforce each other through mechanisms that involve reductions in workforce, food insecurity, and the health of girls and women.
Why Fight for Our Country?. So how can we as communities do more than just celebrate, and really help and embrace our veterans so the transition from military life to civilian life is not as painful?
Henry Rollins Loves EveryLibrary. Libraries across the nation, large and small, north and south, east and west, are getting hit as low-hanging fruit in budget battles everywhere. Fortunately we have very loud supporters like Henry Rollins and EveryLibrary.
Kindness Cards Challenge. As the days went on, the cards kept coming in... one by one they added up until I had over 1,600 cards dispersed throughout my room. The storm had lifted... the night had passed.  There was nothing but light and love bouncing off the walls of my transplant room.
O Canada! Will You Free Your Glorious Land of Prostitution?. Canada must acknowledge that gender inequality, race, incest and histories of oppression are the pillars of the sex trade, including prostitution.
Internationally-Acclaimed Cantor Saves Lives on His Motorcycle. Many volunteers also carry their own stories, leaving behind families, professions and busy lives when the dispatch call arrives. Internationally renowned Israeli cantor, Shlomo Glick of Jerusalem is one of those volunteers.
Microcredit Impact Revisited. While the technical arguments might seem arcane, the underlying question of the impact of a development intervention is an important one.
Changing Lives, One Woman at a Time. Advancing the maternal and child health agenda in Kenya requires collective action from the international development community, donors and local organizations and communities.
10 Formerly Homeless People Who Used Rock Bottom As A Springboard To Greatness. 
One Step in Front of the Other. Being a mother of three young children and a physician in a busy inner city hospital, walking is not my natural inclination. Running and running fast (hence the fracture) is the pace I like. But being forced to a walk was the greatest gift I could have imagined.
The Joy of Service. 
Mentally Ill and Poor. In Brazil, the government ensures that mental health is understood as a fundamental part of overall well-being, and therefore promotes diagnosis and treatment in coordination with other health services, never in isolation.
Bring Back Our Girls. 
How to Use Social Media to Help Social Causes. One of the biggest challenges not-for-profits face in gaining support is the simple fact that no one cares what they do until they know why it matters. It's pretty much a take off on the old clich\u00e9
Forget the Magic Bullets. There is still much to do -- millions of lives to save and people to make healthy. Bill Gates believes his beloved downward red line can dip below \well below a million\ in his lifetime, and we agree.
We Should Change The Meaning of PTSD. Expressing their concerns were several women veterans who sat on their chairs with determined faces, strong voices, but with tentative dispositions that revealed difficult experiences that they probably have not shared with anyone.
Ithaca Rescue Mission Launches to Fight Rural Homelessness. My travels have taken me through most every large shelter in North America, and I always get a smile when I first walk into rural services. In contrast to spaces in large shelters, the \Friendship Center\ in the Ithaca Rescue Mission, is more like a living room.
Why the New VH1 Anti-Bullying Ad Is Seriously Misguided. Though intended to be empowering and to potentially make those who bully others \regret\ their actions, VH1's foray into the anti-bullying world actually sends the opposite message.
Can Business Help Bring Civic Engagement to Scale?. The spirit of young people, their idealism and desire to serve have been a source of inspiration since I co-founded City Year 25 years ago.
Combatting Human Slavery at the United Nations. If we could do half as good a job of creating a meaningful taboo in the United States around buying and selling young people for sex as we do around smoking, we'd be so much further along the road to eliminating demand.
Man Breaks It Down Once And For All Why You Shouldn't Ask People 'What Kind Of Asian' They Are. 
It's Never Been About Vanity. The loss of my beautiful mane validates that I am indeed ill. All these years friends and strangers alike would remark, \Wow, you can't be sick you look so good\, and damn it, I did look good!
California To Lock Carbon On Farms And Forests. 
Donating $10 Can Win You A Trip To Space.. Because You've Always Wanted To Be An Astronaut. 
Celebrating the Power of Forgiveness. It might seem odd to want to help those who have offended, injured or hurt others, but I'm persuaded that simply condemning and persecuting those who offend, those who fail, is not a healthy way forward.
Cindy Gallop - Redefining The Future Of Sex And Impacting The World. I consider myself a proudly visible member of the most invisible segment of our society - older women. I want to help redefine how society thinks an older woman should look, talk, dress, and date, all by the way I live my life.
Gabby Giffords Writes Moving Tribute To Malala For Time Magazine Influencers List. 
The Time is Ripe for a Nonprofit Revolution. Local government leaders can help to foster successful solutions in their communities by providing an environment that welcomes and encourages the contributions of nonprofit partners.
It's Impossible!. So, I'm outing myself here. Here is my impossible dream
Is Your Country Ready For The Internet Of Everything?. The World Economic Forum launched the 2014 Global Information Technology Report (GITR) today, and the annual assessment provides insight into two questions
Creating a \Light Bulb\ Moment with a Pig's Lung. Being able to see and feel real lungs helped make the harmful effects of smoking tangible to students. Rather than being told that smoking \is bad for you,\ students could truly conceptualize what habitual smoking can do to the body. The level of engagement and excitement in this middle school classroom was astonishing.
Beyond the Pioneer. Beyond the Pioneer digs in and tries to isolate those variables that facilitate or hinder scale. When it comes to market-based solutions, scale is the object of the game; yet it remains elusive.
Tools for Peace. Students also need help! Both those who are bullied and those subjected to bullying need guidance and assistance in order to address root causes and redirect negative behaviors.
The Powerful New Way to Help Syrian Children Now. Syrian children continue to suffer immeasurably -- targeted by snipers, enduring hunger and displacement from their homes, a lack of health care, and the unsanitary conditions of massive refugee camps stretching out for miles.
Needless Crisis in Malawi for Babies Born Too Soon. The tragedy is that while Malawi has shown that nurses can reliably deliver this simple lifesaving drug to mothers who need it, the country cannot deliver the drug to the nurses who need to dispense it.
Why Leading Philanthropists Are Banking On A Penguin Named JiJi. Despite their deep attachment to and lightning-speed use of technology on a daily basis, U.S. students, as a whole, perform dismally in STEM -- science, technology, engineering and math.
Red Vaya, Lamata, Kopaja, Busetas. Too many transportation initiatives focus on cars and highways, thus favoring the rich and the middle class. But there are ways to provide safer, more affordable, eco-friendly and reliable transportation to the poor in the Global South, as the following examples demonstrate.
Grievability and the Right to Fight in Haiti. 
A Green Solution to Overseas Hunger. It all started when a 65-year-old retired carpenter named Fred Colgan met Damon Ogle, an engineer with a new \green\ stove design.
Building a Transmedia Project for Young Adults With Mental Illness, Their Families and Their Health Care Providers. Telling stories across multiple media forms, tapping the strengths of each, offers the potential to develop meaningful stories in much deeper and more engaging ways.
Why We Care About Pat Tillman. Former NFL star Pat Tillman, who walked away from his professional football career with the Arizona Cardinals to serve with the Army Rangers, was killed in Afghanistan on April 22, 2004. Ten years ago today.
After Detroit. Occupy Wall Street and U.S. Uncut announced that founding members of those groups would be launching The After Party on May 2. As of the announcement, The After Party's website was already up, with a powerful Manifesto and appealing Platform.
Silent No More and a Beautiful Mess. The good news about messes is that you get to clean them up and when you're cleaning them up you get to work things out and hopefully when you work things out you end up with a beautiful ending.
When Will the Joint Chiefs Practice Yoga?. 
Prisoner Rape Certification Deadline an Opportunity, Not a Threat. Prisoner rape is devastating; It is also preventable. This crisis will only end if corrections agencies across the country take full responsibility for the safety of their detainees. The May 15 PREA certification process is an important moment for governors to declare their commitment.
My Modest Proposal. There are some things we now understand about human development. Besides the need for food and water and basic shelter, we humans are all the same in one fundamental way
A Remarkable Achievement. I'm recently back from New Delhi where I attended meetings on global health security, tuberculosis, and HIV -- and very importantly, participated in the World Health Organization's event to certify Southeast Asia free of polio.
Sharing Recognition in a Selfie Era. #teamnocancer is one digital marketing strategist's entry for the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society's local Man/Woman of the Year fundraising competition.
What's Love Got to Do With It?. I was struck by a question from Curtis Ogden of Interaction Institute for Social Change which boiled down to \What's love got to do with it?\ As it turns out, when making a connection between values and practices, love can play a central role.
Did Nelson Mandela Give Us Something to Think About This Easter weekend?. The Easter message focuses on resurrection, the denial of death and the assertion of life. It is about living in the light, moving beyond idols with limited possibility, forgiveness and living our highest possibility connected to the Divine. But is this a message we embrace?
Truth In Advertising and Misleading a Generation. 
Green Service. 
28-Year-Old Erin Little Is Changing Diabetes Care in India. Erin has been living inside the Jnana Sanjeevini Medical Center for the poor in Bangalore. She is working tirelessly to better the health of people who live in India's villages and have no access to health care.
Four Ways Mindfulness Can Make You a More Successful Entrepreneur. As meditation became part of my regular mental fitness regime, it re-directed my life and catapulted me into becoming an accidental entrepreneur, which is a little ironic.
Diagnosed With Bipolar Disorder? You've Got This. \You've Got This\ aims to do for people with bipolar disorder what \It Gets Better\ has done for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender youth. It aims to create community and provide advice and hope to those going through the difficult time of bipolar diagnosis.
As An Activist, Sometimes It Feels Like I'm Spinning In a Hamster Wheel. In much of my feminist writing today, I am constantly reminded that some of the earliest books on topics like gender inequality, beauty standards and the racial divide could have been written today.
Making the Safety Net Smarter. Everyday millions of Americans would go unfed, unsheltered, and untreated if our cities and counties didn't administer benefits and services like food assistance, shelter, and healthcare.
How One Teen's Silent Courage Inspired a Movement to Recognize Those With No Voice. He survived a broken childhood in north Toronto, striving without always succeeding to resist the violence, drugs and despair around him. To escape his fate, Joe joined one of our first youth conferences in 1999, and later traveled overseas to volunteer in poor communities.
Six Innovative Initiatives That Are Working to Strengthen Women's Empowerment in Agriculture. Food Tank is also excited to announce a new collaboration with the Global Forum on Agricultural Research (GFAR). GFAR brings together all those working to strengthen and transform agricultural research for development around the world.
My Face Shouldn't Be Up for Grabs. Here's an idea for all high-tech inventors in Silicon Valley and there's a pile of money waiting for the person who can make it a reality
Out of Terror, Togetherness. In the days after the marathon bombing, I witnessed so many Bostonians experiencing a mental state I'd had as my normal baseline for years
Great Nonprofit Boards I Have Known. Here are three \greats\ among the nonprofits of my past.
Pastor Banned From Feeding Homeless Because He Doesn't Have A Food Truck Permit. And last summer, members of Love Wins Ministries, an organization that feeds breakfast to anyone in need on weekends in Raleigh
The Practice of Child Marriage in Nigeria. We as a society must start to realize that the practice of child marriage must cease to persist, for the sake of the future of these girls that are married to early. Child marriage is a cultural issue, but it is also a social justice issue and a national health issue in Nigeria.
Is Your Nonprofit Forward-Focused or a Prisoner of the Past?. Nonprofit recruiting can be a hit-or-miss process, often producing candidates who are readily available and familiar to the current board. Rarely will the committee seek out people who have strong track records as strategists and/or competent visionaries.
20 Years After Rwandan Genocide, A Look Back At How Women Rebuilt Their Country. With the country in ruin and the male population vastly reduced by killing and exodus, the post-genocide population, 70 percent
Response to Fort Hood -- a Bigger Picture. I believe, that regardless of diagnosis, all veterans need support in the transition from military life to veteran and civilian life and that this transition is not often an easy one.
Why Rwanda Needs Healing Narratives. This April Rwandans will remember the 20th anniversary of a genocide the world did nothing to stop.
Finding Wisdom in a Fractured World. The wise person understands why we run from questions that we might not be able to answer, and why we wrongly avoid other obstacles or risks that we should face.  Our default emotions have evolved to lament loss more than to celebrate gain.
Torn Apart by War and Genocide, a Father and Son Reunited. When asked about his childhood, Jean Bosco Ngwabije, 33, remembers two things -- fighting and running.
Spring Cleaning for Social Good. Keep this guidance in mind, when you are putting together a donation bag
South-by-South. South-South Cooperation refers to the exchange of resources, know-how and technology between countries in the Global South
California's 'Close The Gap' Tour Is Demanding Gender Equality In Politics. Does it really matter if women are in public office in equal numbers to men? Yes it does, just check the research that has
Miles O'Brien to Join the Lesscancer.org  Bike Ride to Mackinac. Then I felt it... a weighty, wet, salty tear slip out of the corner of my eye. All I could think to do was not have him see me, so I quickly bent down so he would not see that I had started to cry. As I crouched down out of sight, I wondered how I could disappear
As Many As 1 Million Kids Infected With Tuberculosis Each Year, Double Previous Estimates. She said the findings illustrate the need for better methods of collecting data on childhood TB, including better diagnostics
Work Is Freedom. Women had always played an important role in Tunisia - Queen Didon founded Carthage in the 9th Century BC. In 1956, Habib Bourguiba, Tunisia's first president, empowered women, giving them progressive rights compared to Arab countries and even European countries.
Rewriting My History as a Rwandan Genocide Survivor. For many people April is the month to commemoration the Rwandan genocide; it is the month to pay homage to those who lost their lives. However, to me, April is just another month I try live without remembering the genocide.
The Last Walk for Water. It was still dark and cool when 13-year-old Letikiros walked out the door to get water. She never came home. At 4 p.m. a man found her lifeless body swinging from a tree, a rope tied around her neck.
#NoMakeupSelfies Raise Millions For Cancer Research. \We're over the moon. When we do a social media campaign we want to engage as many people as possible, and this has taken
1 Child Dies Every 21 Seconds From A Water-Related Disease. Here's What You Can Do. Learn more about the global water crisis and how it affects children in the Water.org graphic below. Then, see what you can
Egypt's Women Leaders on the Rise. Recent studies indicate that more women in company leadership can increase company performance and that boards with high female representation experience a 53% higher return on equity than those with the least female representation.
Richard Boone. Richard Boone's death last month at the age of 86 came just a few weeks after the 50th anniversary of the War on Poverty. His loss will be felt greatly, but it's hard not to appreciate the symbolism of the timing.
This New Toilet Saves Gallons Of Water, Takes Up Far Less Space In Your Bathroom. Image courtesy of the EG Visuals product video Image courtesy of the EG Visuals product video Toilet water accounts for more
On 3rd Anniversary Of Syrian Civil War, Children Face Malnutrition, Poverty, Death (How To Help). War Child War Child, a U.K.-based charity dedicated to helping children affected by conflict, has been working in Lebanon
Don't Forget Gaza. It is impossible not to be touched by the apocalyptic scenes emerging from the Palestinian refugee camp of Yarmouk in Damascus. But the cameras, and the donors, seem to have moved on.
I Am #WithSyria... Are You?. On the day of the third anniversary of the Syria conflict, we must remember
Elderly Couple 'Sick With No Money' Reunited With Beloved Dog They Were Forced To Give Up. When they got in touch, Wisnecki was able to tell the elderly couple that Otto Wolfgang Maximus (as he turned out to be named
This College Program Could Completely Revolutionize The Workforce. The program is aimed at low-income students because, according to Mike Smith, a philanthropist and member of the Indiana
With Age Comes Wisdom. And as we sharpen our focus on the researchers who will deliver tomorrow's breakthroughs, we in the breast cancer movement must remain committed to supporting the women and men affected by breast cancer today, and especially the low-income, uninsured and medically underserved people who need our help.
A Shared Vision of Access. Most recently, shared vision has begun to take new form. Since our founding in 1889, Gordon has been a place committed to
Syria's Medical System Is 'Horrific,' Preventable Diseases Resurging. \The lack of clean water means sterilisation for bandages is nearly impossible, causing the threat of infection and possible
Hunger Is Everywhere. Even when her friends use the expression, Kelly reminds them \No, you are not starving.\ There are people in the world who really face starvation, struggling to find food every hour of every day. \Hunger is everywhere\ as she puts it. This cruel condition is one no one should go through.
Inspire Change, Invest in Women. How can you pay it forward this year on International Women's Day is a question we ask ourselves as we join millions around the world to celebrate the courage, resilience and dignity of women who inspire change after surviving war and conflict.
Freedom Is Like Oxygen. \Freedom is like oxygen,\ she says.  \You don't notice it until you can't breathe.\ Marshall joined the anti-apartheid National Union of South African Students (NUSAS) -- the only female member at the time.  Soon, she was President.
Violence, Poverty, Illiteracy Affect Far Too Many Women. What You Should Know, What You Can Do. Know the names behind the numbers of female refugees. The International Rescue Committee works around the world to help refugees
This Year on International Women's Day Let Us Resolve to Come Together and Amplify Our Voice. When I first started Womenfound, if I ran a Google search for \women's organizations,\ I wouldn't get much of what I was looking for by way of aid organizations. Today if I type the same search term, Google will deliver pages and pages of relevant results for me.
A Tribute to Malala's Father, Ziauddin, Our Favorite Male Feminist, on International Women's Day. The question remains, how do we encourage more men to be advocates for the women in their lives?
On International Women's Day, 'Invisible' Women Need Financial Access. Wherever she lives, no matter what country, when a woman controls her own finances she invests that money in ways that can bring about long-term change -- education for her children, health care and better housing for her family. But low-income women around the world are routinely denied access to the basic financial products that most of us take for granted.
Superhero Sam Simon Protects the Animal Kingdom. One of my biggest thrills working day and night to make our planet a healthier home for children, wild animals, forests, waterways, soils, air and our oceans is meeting extraordinary humans. The award-winning television executive Sam Simon is a very special person.
Why I Founded Zidisha. An idealistic 24-year-old, I'd been hired out of graduate school to manage overseas grants on behalf of the US government. This was my second year on the job and I already had a reputation as a maverick.
Where Is The Homeless Capital of America?. Should we be really calling this competition a derby for winners? Sadly, the real losers in this country's breakdown of social care are the people who are still struggling on our streets. No matter what city or state they reside.
Hope for Ukraine. Several weeks ago, when Ukrainian-American Viktor Kee decided that he would embark on a cross-country road trip to generate support for his troubled homeland, he had no idea how unpredictable the headwinds of fate could actually be.
Why It's Time to Rethink the Role of Business in Education. One million students will not have the same opportunities their graduating peers will have. This is  a national emergency that needs to be addressed for the sake of America's prosperity and competitive edge.
Sled Hockey and the Paralympics Gave Me a Reason to Recover. I never wasted a single minute in rehab, always pushing my body to its absolute limits.
This Week In Stories That Actually Mattered. \It doesn't take stat-crunching to realize the Oscars have some diversity issues, but if there was ever any doubt, Lee & Low
Connecting Passion to the Community. With Christine Valerio's combined passion for graphic design and creating positive change in people's lives, she developed With Me, a system of interactive and conversational games that encourage meaningful interaction between people of all ages.
The New WhatsApp Billionaires and the Future of Philanthropy. Once upon a time, big philanthropy worked like this
The Problem With Little White Girls, Boys and Voluntourism. After six years of working in and traveling through a number of different countries where white people are in the numerical minority, I've come to realize that there is one place being white is not only a hindrance, but negative -- most of the developing world.
This Time It's Personal. The events of the last few days in Kiev have been historic in many ways, at least from this outsider looking in. The magnitude of the drama and the measurement of the courage of the Ukraine people will come by those much more equipped to assess than me.
NASCAR, the NBA, Rubber and the Rainforest. As you watch the NBA playoffs this spring, impress your friends with this fact
This Week In Stories That Actually Mattered. \Several dozen people gathered at Google\u2019s headquarters on Tuesday to protest the company's membership in the American Legislative
Let Girls Lead Video Contest. Johannesburg, South Africa Hillary Mahlangu, 20 In my country a woman no longer embraces her God-given beauty for if not
Stop the Violence in Kiev. We are at the computer drinking coffee, and there are people being killed all around the world in a search for freedom.
After Death Row in Texas, I'm Fighting to End the Death Penalty. My name is Kerry Max Cook, but for two decades, I was known as \Cook, Execution number 600.\
Courage on the 60 Freeway. You're driving on the freeway. A car in front of you bursts into flames and there are people inside. What do you do?
This Man Didn't Have Valentine's Plans This Year. So He Did Something Way Better Instead.. To give back to the homeless men he says he passes every day as he goes about his daily routine in Chicago's Loop, Peter
The Week In Stories That Actually Mattered. 8. Livia Firth on Remembering the Faces Behind Our Clothes \The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights has called
A Botanist's Guide to Chocolate on Valentine's Day. For communities in Caquet\u00e1, Colombia, growing cacao beans--the main component of chocolate--is one of the few income-generating uses of forest land that does not damage the environment or support illicit industries.
Building An Economy On Love. We're living today with the fallout from an economy that is built, not on \enlightened\ self interest as proposed by Adam Smith, but on fanatical greed, as condemned by Smith, but widely practiced today.
Caring for Each Other, Caring for the Earth. 2014 is our second year of daily giving, a practice we recommend you take on in your own way. You'll understand how the simple practice of daily giving has the power to transform.
Let Girls Lead Video Contest. This week's Global Girls Conversation Video Contest submission comes from 15 year old Jari Taylor. Jari lives in Chicago and sees the brutal reality of the streets on a daily basis. She hears the gunshots echoing across her community at night.
An Olympic Feat. Not only is sport a way to channel a child's energy and talent, it can also be a catalyst for leadership development, conflict resolution and increased safety in dangerous situations.
Olympic Athletes and Self-Reliance. Some athletes even take their hard won notoriety and maybe those endorsements they worked so hard to get, and they go on to start or support charities to help others better their lives.
A Million Reasons Why Los Angeles Could End Homelessness. We are the epitome of the first world clashing with the third. European luxury cars cruise by people sleeping under a lean-to, as if it is morally justified to drive a car worth more than a house where that sleeping person could inhabit.
The Power of the Private Sector to Save Lives. Good news travels fast. This week's announcement by CVS Caremark that they will stop selling tobacco products by October 1 was front-page news and a topic of conversation everywhere. My first thought? What a great example of a company voluntarily doing the right thing.
What If What We Studied Had Global Impact?. What if, in order to overcome the biggest problems we're facing, we need a two-pronged attack that places greater emphasis on interdisciplinary thought and experiential learning as opposed to rigid disciplines and lectures?
L.A. Man Loans Homeless Family House for a Year. Our goal of spotlighting 50 heroes in 50 states has resulted in numerous blessings, miracles and new friendships. We're so excited to unveil our second hero to you.
How To Be An Ethical Consumer. Be a farmer's market regular. Read the fine print. You\u2019ve certainly seen it before
A Florida County Spent Over $5 Million Jailing Homeless People. It Could've Spent Less On Shelter. \We set about this challenge ... with a united purpose, and, as a result, Phoenix can take its place as role model city for
Male Sexual Assault. It is a tormenting situation to have to endure. Thus, as a result, many men, rather than speak out, often decide to suffer in silence.
Let Girls Lead Video Contest. Let Girls Lead's Global Girls' Conversation video contest highlights girls' power to create change by sharing their own solutions
The Loop of VA/Veterans' Medical Care. In January of 2014, CNN reported that at least 19 veterans had died because of delays in diagnosis and treatment at VA hospitals.
DJ Quiana Parks and DJ for a Cure Raise Thousands for Leukemia and Lymphoma Society. Following our initial interview, I had the pleasure of attending the amazing event Quiana and contemporary lifestyle and
The NFL Is Exploiting My Town. I may be mayor of a host community for Super Bowl XLVIII, but there's no question about it, I'm no football expert. But I do know a smoke and mirrors deal when I see one, as has been the case with Super Bowl XLVIII here in New Jersey.
The Super Bowl Could Never Not  Be Breeding Grounds For Sexual Exploitation. Some claim that concerns about a link between sex trafficking and the Super Bowl are overblown, hyperbolic, or, simply, myth. Some have even suggested that a strong law enforcement response is harmful to victims. While it is unfortunately true that there have been arrests of prostituted women in Super Bowl-related policing--a counterproductive strategy that discourages victims from seeking desperately needed police protection--law enforcement is right to step up efforts to investigate trafficking on the eve of the Super Bowl.
CSR Results. There have and continue to be those who fear that embracing \business practices\ will result in a loss of mission and soul by charitable organizations. But now the body of knowledge has increased, demonstrating that performance management and an evidence-based approach is working.
Gender-Based Violence in Cambodia. A new report published the Phnom Penh Post paints a picture of women as rights-less creatures who lack standing before the law and resources of their own. So it makes it easy to see how the exploitation and trafficking of women and girls could continue to exist today.
5 Things We All Need to Learn From Temple Grandin. I recently had the great pleasure of hearing Temple Grandin speak at the Ecofarm conference in California. She is renowned
Mentoring. Building a relationship with a caring adult is the foundation for many great things. Kids who are at risk desperately need the sense of security that high-quality mentoring can offer. It's about fostering trust and opening up a young person's mind to possibility.
What I Have Learned From Hugging 7,000 People. I was in awe. This 'simple' act of kindness had the ability to restore life! How many others out there craved love in the form of a hug? How many longed for the touch of another, yet were denied this act of grace?
Global Education at Davos. Important to address is the mistrust between the public, private, and social sectors when it comes to education delivery. They literally do not speak the same language. The goodwill, confidence, and atmosphere required to have a mature and transparent dialogue do not exist.
The Case of Bixi Bikes. Living in and around New York City, it has been hard to miss the explosion of blue bicycles that have found themselves throughout the city streets.
State of the Union. The President's message and his ideas are a strong agenda for remedying poverty. And, as he stressed, If we remedy poverty, we build and sustain the middle class. If we do not build and sustain the middle class, then poverty deepens and widens.
Empathy, Apathy and the Categorical Imperative. Making a lasting impact begins with small measures. It can be as simple as adding a weekly reminder to your calendar or spending a few minutes researching a cause that motivates you into action.
Getting Children and Their Parents Back in the Game. A two-generation approach to creating a cycle of opportunity reflects the tremendous energy of parents wanting to do more for their children. Its four critical elements -- education, economic supports, social capital and health -- provide a substantive scaffold so that families can get ahead.
8 Tips for Respecting Personal Space in Public Places. The closer our paths cross with others, the more important etiquette becomes to ensure a safe and polite journey over sidewalks, through doorways and lobbies, and in and out of elevators and other public spaces.
5 Of The Coolest, Craziest Ways To Stand Up For What You Believe In. 1. Human Luggage
I'm Not Here to Inspire You. The word inspire has probably become a bit bastardized for me. It's certainly not a bad thing to be inspired, find something inspirational or even to inspire someone else by personal deeds. Yet, I cringe when I hear the word.
Our Nation, United in Service. Today, we need courage and leadership to make change and take on the greatest disparities in our nation; almost fifty years after King's death, we've moved past the \normal\ of 1963, but we still have a long way to go.
4 Ways Volunteering Can Help You Find a Job. From learning new skills and honing existing ones to meeting new people and boosting creativity, volunteering could benefit your career more than you think -- and best of all, you'll be doing good and helping others in the process.
So You Want to Save the World? (Part 4). Good connections in this sector, whether in your organization or across different organizations, are worth cultivating to get inside knowledge on open positions and even potentially good recommendations.
Bridging the Generation Gap in Family Caregiving. At home, positive interaction between grandparents and grandchildren is possible, providing benefits for both and easing some of the burdens commonly faced by family caregivers. Here's a seven-step plan for bridging the generation gap for family caregivers.
Can Shared Histories Bring People Together?. What made Paul Robeson and W.E.B. Du Bois great was their belief that shared histories could bring people together. Though most of their aspirations turned out to be idealistic, the Bandung conference in 1955 was one of the tangible outcomes of that belief.
Polar Vortex and Food Stamp Cuts Create Perfect Storm of Hunger. Last year 47 million hungry Americans lost food stamp benefits, and Congress may be bringing more cuts to the table. Needy families are placed in the awful situation of having to choose between heat or food.
Why Giving Is a Gift to the Giver. The action in the end zone, or lack of it, feels a little less disappointing when the guys on the field show that they respect and care about one another. (There might be lesson for Congress in that.)
Five Ways to Improve Working Conditions in the Global South. They are determined to open up a dialogue with city officials and to negotiate a set of basic rights that will formalize their line of work.
Bridging the Gap Between Youth (Un) Employment and Social Entrepreneurship. Youth unemployment is pandemic and represents one of the biggest global challenges of our time as it affects not only the present, but also the future.
Making History for Generation Z. This generation will largely be responsible for confronting the aftermath of the financial crisis, high youth unemployment, the effects of climate change, energy sustainability and security issues, along with a potential demographic time bomb.
8-Year-Old Jaiden Rogers Battles Mysterious Stiff Skin Syndrome With Grace. They say you never know what's coming next in life, and that certaninly was the case when Natalie and Tim Rogers from Alamosa, Colorado adopted Jaiden Rogers when he was 2 years old.
Every Parent's Dilemma. Despite the obvious benefits, development has its challenges. We are seeing increasing numbers of young people who have so much that their motivation is falling.
The Role of Connectivity in Reshaping the World. Besides the expensive price tags, all of these devices have another feature in common. They all rely on connectivity in order for users to make full use of them.
Nollywood, Piracy and the Millennial Crisis. With annual revenues of about $600 million, it's impossible not to be impressed with the industry born just two decades ago with no structure in place.
The Growing Importance of Megacities. Despite history, geography and culture, there are extraordinary systematic regularities and constraints that transcend the individuality of cities.
The Rapid Spread of Misinformation Online. Blaming Twitter for misinformation is easy, but ignores the social and political context. How can we understand such large volumes of data that move so quickly?
What Does the First Tycoon Tell Us About Capitalism?. Historians and economists now stress blind forces over heroic leadership.
When a Community Comes Together for a Cause. Maximizing the reach of an inspirational message or important piece of information requires the dedication of humans to staying open to sharing and consuming content that raises awareness.
An Intimate Part of the Conflict. South Sudanese women are intricately woven into a social and political fabric that has become increasingly more vulnerable to conflict. War and security are assumed to be the domain of men, while women are cast as the victims.
Let Girls Lead Video Contest. The 2010 earthquake in Haiti was catastrophic on all fronts. Now, three years later, the people of Haiti are still trying to pick up the pieces.
Honorable Hall Pass. Let's go there for a moment... For the majority, I would surmise, we actually are confronted with the choices to be honorable
Fulfilling MLK's Legacy of Coming Together to Move Forward. Latinos and African Americans, along with Asian, LGBT, females, disabled and other communities need to come together to fulfill Dr. King's vision that \our dreams for a better tomorrow will be realized.\ Yes, together.
Young and Old Take on King's Unfinished Mission. As we honor King as an activist and humanitarian, we should keep in mind that as older adults and youth labor and uplift humanity together, they are finding that collaboration leads to something broader, deeper and more far-reaching than one generation alone could create.
5 Ways to Engage Youth in the Fight for Civil Rights. Many youth who know that they aren't treated fairly, and know that life isn't the way it should be, do not see themselves in a fight for their civil rights. They have been taught to turn a blind eye to institutional racism and structural inequity, and don't see that their civil rights are being violated in more subtle and dangerous ways than ever before.
PTSD Service Animal Ad Will Make You Laugh, Cry, And Hug Your Dog A Little Closer (VIDEO). That's the premise illustrated in a powerful new ad from the Royal Dutch Guide Dog Foundation, a nonprofit in the Netherlands
Removing Taboos. Free contraceptives, progressive legislation, text messages, mobile reproductive health services and community-based outreach--these are just some of the ways cities are transforming urban approaches to family planning.
About to Send a Donation? Think Twice. Beware
Facing Up to a Woman's Nation. Each Shriver Report ignited a national conversation and sparked wide media coverage, including Time cover stories and a special
Black Male Mentors Celebrated With Storytelling Campaign and Certificates. As promised, the New Year has brought new narratives for inspired black men. A major collaborative effort to highlight the important dimensions of black male lives, such as
Veterans Shouldn't Learn How to Be Civilians  -- Veterans Should Learn How to Be Veterans. As proud as I am of serving in the Iraq War, I am finding it increasingly difficult to tell civilians stories of war. Stigmas are still placed on combat veterans and the overuse of the phrase \empowering veterans\ has painted the veteran landscape as a community in need of help after service.
Beyond Mandela -- South Africa's Lesson for the World. Seeing Mandela the movie was another occasion, beyond the funeral, to reflect on what South African experiences have to teach the world.
Clean Out Your Closet to Help End Homelessness. If you were like me, or know someone who has the wrong idea about clothing donations, please share this post with them. Yes
UN Seeking $6.5 Billion For Syria. \I'm not sure when they will be able to go back home. Everyone is desperate to go home.\ DAMASCUS, Jan 12 (Reuters) - United
Ted's Story. As a young man, Ted Wiard had an ideal life. He married his high school sweetheart, worked as a schoolteacher and tennis coach in his picturesque hometown of Taos, New Mexico, and became the father of two beautiful daughters. Suddenly, everything changed.
5 Golden Globe Nominees Spotlighting Important Causes. Many celebrities are doing far more than just writing a check or turning up at a gala or cocktail party - some of the headlining nominees at this year's Golden Globes are passionate volunteers, advocates, or founders of their own nonprofit organizations.
Let Girls Lead Video Contest. Harmful cultural practices are still of grave concern for many girls around the world. Let Girls Lead highlights a powerful video by Grace Mwase who is raising her voice to one of the most harmful traditional practices still present in Malawi.
7 Millennials Who Are Too Busy Changing The World To Take Selfies. In 2013, Maurya Couvares joined the ranks of millennial leaders proving that women in STEM are a force to be reckoned with
Help the Women Being Tortured in Russian Prisons. \They beat you once, then may come grab your hair, hit your head on the sewing machine or take you into a punishment cell, there they kick you using hands, legs, or remove the belt from a sewing machine and thrash you with it.\
Leading by Example. Mrs. Kim Simplis Barrow, First Lady of Belize, has been described as the Michelle Obama of Central America and is on a mission to improve the welfare of women and young people in Belize.
Civil and Honest Discourse Needed for Nonprofit Boards. Relationships on nonprofit boards are more prone to foster distinctly different types of environments because some boards meet only one to four times a year; therefore interpersonal conflicts can more easily arise.
Talk to Thrive. It seems that everyone has an incurable \fight to be right syndrome,\ and it is going from bad to worse. Most people are busy speaking or criticizing harshly while very few are listening to understand.
Anti-Female Genital Mutilation Campaigners Make Progress in Egypt. Speaking Up \Working for the coalition gave me more confidence. I feel better now that I have an understanding of what happened
Top 10 Highlights of 2013 in Ending Homelessness in Los Angeles. There are signs that angelic efforts are on the way in Los Angeles to reduce homelessness, despite the debate over public feeding, homelessness in their public libraries and Union Train Station, and the fact that the region has 58,000 people who are homeless.
From Charity to Justice to Love. True connection, dialogue, and understanding are missing from both the charity and justice prototypes. Both models are based on judgment, prescription, and dominance. Both assume that there is one right answer -- an illusory perfection that none of us can truly claim to exemplify.
Roll in My Chair. As a wheelchair user and college student, I became frustrated with how the general public perceives and treats people with disabilities. In 2011, I founded a program called A Day in a Wheelchair on Trinity College's campus.
Massive Michigan Power Outage Reveals Some People's Dark Side. In case you missed it somehow, half a million people in Michigan lost power this past week after a horrendous ice storm.  Not only was it the Christmas season, but this was after 300,000 had lost power less than two months ago in another storm.
7 Inspiring Acts Of Kindness That Capture The True Essence Of The Holiday Spirit. \u2018Tis the season to be jolly and these seven incredible stories of generosity remind us why. Secret Santas, benevolent celebrities
Christmas Magic. This holiday season, as we celebrate, and spend too much and complain too much, I hope that we will take a moment to think about the 42 million refugees and displaced around the world.
From Christmas to Christmas. A year passed since David's initial cancer diagnosis, and for his family it meant a turn from despair to a new hope.  We are happy to have played a small part in their victory.   Our best wishes to all cancer patients everywhere.
Coke Gave Us Santa. Hanes Is Helping to Fight Homelessness.. I think there are a few lessons we can learn from this
What's Poverty Got to Do With It?. The present-day realities of people with disabilities, especially in the developing world, are those of stigmatization, abuse and extreme poverty.
Innovating Entrepreneurship. When Rachel Wasser learned as an undergraduate at Yale that there existed no program that would allow her to teach at rural Chinese schools, it sparked a passion that would result in the fast-growing organization that now sends more than 200 college graduates each year from China and the U.S. to teach at Chinese schools.
5 Holiday Giving Tips. It\u2019s the season for opening up your hearts \u2013- and wallets \u2013- for causes that are dearest to you. But how can you give most
Service Learning to Develop Leaders Against Hunger. An aspiring teacher can learn how to make hunger issues a part of their lessons plans. A business major can see how they might start or help a non-profit organization through their career.
Generosity. As for all the people we've profiled in this series, what ties them all together is that they share is a common and unmistakable trait
Filming Denali. This June, the National Outdoor Leadership School's Expedition Denali set out to climb the highest peak in North America, Mt. McKinley. The group aimed to inspire minorities to get active and get outdoors. Andy Adkins, pro-filmmaker and novice climber, was there to capture the journey.
When Work Search Gets Personal. So what connects these people who appear to be so different? It's this
Homelessness at the Holidays Hits Hard for Kids in Foster Care. Last month I recalled the story of Antwone Fisher, who was informed upon aging out of foster care at 18 years old that he was on his own. He was directed to a nearby homeless shelter, and left to figure out the rest himself. That continues to happen every day across the United States.
Do We Help the Homeless Whether They Are Naughty or Nice?. It is certainly tempting to check off that \naughty\ box and reject their enrollment into your world of compassion. If housing
Why Connecting With Family Should Be Important Every Day Of The Year. Texts, email, social media--in a society that feels over-connected, this time of year many of us crave more meaningful connections.  Prior to joining Western Union, checking in with distant loved ones was prompted by the aroma of a Thanksgiving turkey or a birthday reminder on my calendar. Today, helping people connect is the core of what I do, and I get to learn this skill from some of the very best.
A Time to Reflect on Mandela and Canada's Role in South Africa. There is a history here which I think most Canadians are unaware of, where Canada played a very important role, punching well above its weight in the international arena.
Second Chance at Newport Mall in NJ. With my passionate and committed Same Sky team, we met the formerly incarcerated women and provided them with the training to make decorative stretch bracelets. The women relished working with the beads, using their hands, and creating something beautiful to share.
Newtown, A Year Later. This week marks the one year anniversary of the shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut. The incident
How Each Newtown Victim Left Behind Their Own Enduring Good In The World. In the one year since Newtown faced an unspeakable tragedy, the community has come together to heal by honoring every one
Honor Mandela by Standing Up to Injustice. We honor Mandela when we stand up for social justice. We honor him when we break down social barriers that allow prejudice and suspicion to fester. We honor him when we reach out to others with a helping hand. We honor him when we keep fighting for justice even after we encounter failure.
The Other Kind of Leader -- What I Learned in the Wake of Sandy Hook. Vicki's act of selflessness on the morning of December 14th transformed what I thought leaders looked like and where I thought they worked.   What I learned from Vicki is leaders don't always have teams or followers.
For Diana. Diana was a perfect baby. I never foresaw that by the time she was 4 years old, another nation would overlook its own Constitution to treat people like Diana as less than human.
Fighting to Exist in the Dominican Republic. While many countries take steps forward, one country has taken a significant step back for many of its citizens over the last few months. People who were born in the Dominican Republic, who have never known another country as home, are losing their citizenship.
UN Decries 'Slow, Uneven' Use Of Law Protecting Afghan Women. Women have since won back rights to education and work, but there are fears these freedoms are shrinking as NATO-led forces
Memories of Meeting Nelson Mandela. I had the good fortune to meet Mr. Mandela in 1994 in my homeland of South Africa, days before the historic elections. The journey leading to that meeting was a long one, a circle, a return to my childhood.
The Tech Trends Most Likely to Transform How Latin Americans Learn. New technologies can play a critical role in dramatically improving education quality in Latin America and in turn help catalyze economic growth.
Natalie's Kitchen -- One Year Later. The day had gone from being a routine December Friday in a historic and ornamented slice of CT, to a frenzy of standstill traffic, hovering helicopters palatable anxiety, and a swarm of media lining the narrow Sandy Hook sidewalks; the glow of holiday decorations all but obliterated by the harsh glare of their television lights.
Mandela's Vision for America. Let us hope the media continues to spread such positive, moving messages and displays of great leadership, and hope it will inspire all 193 leaders of the United Nations' General Assembly to follow in Mandela's footsteps to build peace and uphold human rights for all.
Ways To Volunteer That Really Show Your Thanks. But how do we remember everything for which we have to be thankful, and how do we put that gratitude to good use? If you\u2019re
It's World AIDS Day Weekend So Come On and \Play It Fuckin' Loud!\. There's something really powerful about seeing tens of thousands of dance fans come together not only for a festival, but to loudly and proudly show their support for the battle to end this terrible disease. It's support like this which helps move the dial; it shows governments and businesses that young people care.
1969. Americans tend to remember sacred dates
Americans Don't Really Care About Typhoon Haiyan, Study Says. Within 10 days of the Haiti earthquake in 2010, Americans donated more than $300 million to relief efforts, NPR reported
Beating HIV. My vision is for a World AIDS Day in the near future where we can say with pride that we have achieved universal access to treatment. This goal is within reach, but only by supporting important initiatives to make medicines available, appropriate, and affordable will we fully be able to grasp it.
Thanksgiving and World AIDS Day. With World AIDS Day following Thanksgiving so closely this year, let's be thankful ...
Could a Tiny House Movement End Homelessness?. Carmen Guidi has an incredibly huge heart As he showed me around Second Wind Cottages, and told the stories of the men who
Egypt Must Be Held Accountable for Sexual Assault. Only ten months have passed since I was sexually assaulted in Tahrir Square -- it was the worst experience of my life.
This Thanksgiving, Thank Your Gen Y's & Gen Y's, Thank Your Baby Boomers. So, this year why don't we also give thanks to people around us? Let's take a break from the accusatory vids (from Gen Y's) and fairly long articles (from Baby Boomers), dividing the generations and instead focus on what we appreciate.
Putting the Health of Young Mothers First. Although the global number of HIV-infected babies born each year has dropped by more than half since 2005, 260,000 babies became newly infected with HIV -- more than one every two minutes--this past year alone.
HHS Shares Tips for Consumers Visiting HealthCare.Gov. As we continue working around the clock to improve HealthCare.gov and the holiday shopping season kicks into gear, we wanted to share some consumer friendly tips for individuals looking for quality affordable health insurance.
Rise Africa! We Have No Time to Lose. Today the first generation since the first incident of HIV occurred is joining the human family. We have come a long way from a time of desperation, when we were sure this epidemic would destroy our families, our countries and our continent. But we are still here -- through no coincidence or chance -- rather, because we united as a global community and refused to let future generations share the same fate as too many of our friends, parents, brothers and sisters.
It's Time We Take Responsibility For The Education of Our Children. We can no longer wait on politicians and policy makers to solve the educational issues facing our community. We, as a community, have to take responsibility for what happens to our children.
The Gift of American Engagement and Global Generosity. Americans should feel good about our generosity and our joint successes. We are compassionate people, helping support millions of people whether here at home or in distant places we will never know or visit.
It's The Right Thing to Do. In America, not only do we love or phones, we also love our vehicles and that freedom of traveling anytime and anywhere. However, the fact remains that driving while texting or talking on a cellphone is extremely dangerous.
Dealing a Fatal Blow to the HIV Pandemic. For the first time in history, significant scientific advances mean that we have the potential to cut HIV, tuberculosis and malaria down to low-level epidemics, something the human family could not have imagined only 10 years ago. We are not there yet, and the window of opportunity will not stay open for too long, so we need to act quickly and use wisely the tools at hand.
My Daughter Casey's Last Words Were 'I Want My Mom.'. My daughter Casey was 21 when she was struck and killed by a distracted driver. It was daytime and she was walking in a crosswalk with 4-way stop signs. A 58 year old driver was distracted, never saw her and went through a stop sign.
How-To Use Ambiguity to Pioneer Change. Your commitment to social change is not a function of where you work, but of what you believe in. With a little bit of creativity
Do You Create Obstacles to Being Truly Grateful?. When you find yourself caught in the grip of the mental stress of doubt, expectation, or social comparison, you can take a moment of pause and then consciously put your attention on the things (big and small) for which you are grateful.
American Eejit. While traveling in Ireland, I was introduced to a new word
Getting to 2015. 700 children still become infected with HIV every day. In 2011, 230,000 children died from AIDS-related illnesses. To get to zero, we need to strengthen our efforts toward the prevention of mother-to-child transmission (PMTCT) of HIV.
Black Friday. Thus when we purchase new clothes, shoes, televisions, couches, they are clean, look good and make you feel good, but we do we ever see or feel the blood, sweat, tears and fears of the workers assembling and packaging our presents?
Here I Am. Feature Video
7 Everyday Complaints That Are Really Just Reminders To Be Grateful. 3. Woe is me
Beyond the Princess Fantasies. This holiday season, I'm embracing the shift. Forget electronics on sale and discount plastic toys. In our house, #GivingTuesday is becoming the important day that follows Thanksgiving.
The Gift That Can't Be Gift Wrapped. Never could I have imagined the huge differences between life in Madagascar and life in England. In the same way that I never really thought twice about not having clean water and a toilet while growing up; people in London don't think twice about having it. That is just the way it is. Imagine, though, if poor communities had that same gift, that same opportunity!
10 Things You Shouldn't Say to Someone Who Uses a Wheelchair. If you've said any of these, don't feel bad (unless you've stolen a handicap parking spot!). We aren't angry or offended, but we want people to understand.
Why I Won't Donate to Relief Efforts for Typhoon Haiyan. These reasons for favoring \every day\ aid over disaster relief are supported by research from experience. A report from
'Weightless Project' Aims To Help Both Obesity And Starvation. Deepak Chopra is helping to support The Weightless Project, a new initiative that aims to combat both obesity and starvation
America's 10 Top Givers Are.... They\u2019re some of the richest people in our country and they\u2019re also the most generous, determined to make their mark on this
Ted Turner's Best Investment. The UNF has drawn high-profile advocates from around the world -- ranging from former presidents and business leaders to media professionals and A-list celebrities, who gather at the annual Global Leadership Dinner in New York.
Looking For Solace After My Wife's Suicide. Carol Stiers-Zito was the center of the universe; at least she was to me. My wife's sudden and unexpected death left a devastating void in my life and the life of our daughter. The last seven years have been an obstacle course of grief, second guessing and self-doubt intertwined with a constant search to extract something positive or affirming from the tragedy
Healing My Family's Painful Legacy of Suicide. On July 7, 1981 like a typical teenager, I was sun bathing at the local public pool, Highland Park in Endwell, New York when I heard my younger sister, Chris screaming, \Uncle Tony is dead!\ I was fourteen at the time. I was startled and confused and tried to reassure her everything would be okay. I thought, \How can that be he is only thirty-three?\
I Want to Move Through the World With Open-Minded, Collaborative, Let's Get Real *%@* Done Together Disruptors -- How About You?. \The tyranny of traditional disciplines and functionally segregated organizations fail to produce the type of people who
Could You Handle Sleeping On The Streets For A Night? These Inspiring People Are.. Occurring throughout the year, but with more frequency in the fall months and several happening in cities all over the country
The Global Search for Education. In the traditionally conservative world of academia, Leon Botstein is unafraid to challenge the status quo.  His most recent cause du jour is of course the new Bard College admissions exam.
The World's Only College for the Rural Poor. More than one billion people live on less than one dollar a day.
Paying It Forward, While Running the 2013 NYC Marathon. I recruited 29 AOL'ers from across four offices within the U.S. and our training began. Some of these runners knew Rory, knew of Rory or didn't know him at all -- yet they were all committed to putting a lot of their personal life on hold to run this race for a great cause.
Freaky Fungus Could Help Feed the World. A Dutch bio-engineer says his lab-produced fungus could someday be used to save the lives of hungry people in the developing
Honoring and Supporting Vets Beyond Veteran's Day. With this one tireless Marine leading the charge and now shifting the focus of the effort to addressing the alarming rise in PTSD, this Veteran's Day I wanted to sit down with Captain Bunch and ask him to reflect on the lessons learned and where OOA goes from here.
Our Responsibility to Veterans. How can you really know how your coworker's or neighbor's transition home is going if you don't ask? It doesn't take much to start a conversation that could lead to a friendship that might change your life -- a relationship that could be of tremendous value to someone who has sacrificed so much for all of us.
The Global Search for Education. Richard, Lyme disease has been known to mimic so many disease processes including CFS, Fibromyalgia, Autoimmune conditions
How I Made Peace with Harm Reduction. I realized with some embarrassment that she was describing my attitude towards drug use almost exactly. What she said made
For Veterans, Veterans Day is Every Day of the Year. Not so for the more than 103,792 Iraq and Afghanistan War veterans who were diagnosed with PTSD and not so for the 253,330
Let Girls Lead Video Contest. By raising her mother's awareness about girls' rights and getting her involved in community organizing, Maria Josefa Castro Bay was able to convince her mother that education matters. Now, Maria and her mother are working together to promote girls' rights in their Guatemalan community.
America's Mental Hospitals. While I've never been convicted of a crime, I have spent my fair share of time in private mental hospitals, wherein I've witnessed what may well be our nation's last great bastion of tobacco, tar and nicotine.
How To Help Typhoon Haiyan Survivors. One of the most powerful typhoons ever recorded, Haiyan (Yolanda in the Philippines) has caused thousands of fatalities, according
The Secret of the Avatar Can Deepen Your Partnerships. How can organizations that don't need hands-on volunteers achieve a similar level of personal connection with their supporters?
Doing the Right Thing for Our Veterans, 365 Days a Year. Veterans Day, unlike Memorial Day, is a day to honor our living veterans. But I believe we should honor them every single day, not just on November 11. Here are some ways we can honor our military men and women, whether they are in or out of service.
Changing The Face Of Disability Into The Face Of Ability And How Hollywood Helped Us Change It. Like Josiah Bartlet, I choose to bring value to myself and to the world. We must always remember to keep our eye on the prize
How Nonprofits Are Blowing It With Their Future Source of Revenue. A Little Background On Fundraising Baby Boomers preferred method of giving to charity is via paper mail, aka
100,000 Musicians Support Charities Through Music for Good. The charities love it, too. The musicians who choose to support them through Music for Good aren't just individual donors, they're megaphones through which the charity reaches fans and friends via the ReverbNation website, email and social media.
Can This Lantern Put An End To Energy Poverty?. When Brazilian mechanic Alfredo Moser developed an eco-friendly and affordable source of light \u2013- composed of water, an empty
The Ismaili Community Upholds Values, Supporting Education, Health and Development. On a spirited and sunny Sunday morning on October 13, 2013 in Fremont, California, 650 men, women and children enthusiastically
Are Homeless Practitioners (Agencies) the New Future?. These \next\ agencies are adaptive, effective practitioners, who are not creating \pilot\ projects but actually initiating
Halloween Can Feed the Hungry. Since 1950, Halloween has added an extra surprise for those receiving trick or treaters. Many thousands of children have
Concussing Jim Thorpe's Life. Looking into the life of Jim Thorpe, you'd think that there must be a majestic connection between him and the town that has taken his name as its own in Eastern Pennsylvania. It is not the case.
My Visit With the Lord of the Startups. After filming so many successful graduates of the world-famous preparatory academy for entrepreneurs, Y Combinator, for A TOTAL DISRUPTION, I was inspired to journey up the river and find their leader.
The Model Definition Rethinking Beautiful Embracing Differerences. I had always been segregated from people who were different. But look at what is happening in today's society. The younger generations are friends with their classmates who are \different,\ and even making them prom queens and kings.
How Facebook, Mobile Phones, and Literacy are Empowering the Urban Poor. Empowering the urban poor to pull themselves out of poverty is a sustainable, respectful, and effective way to encourage development. The following examples show how modern technology and traditional education methods are having a significant impact in the slums of Rio de Janeiro, Mumbai, Jakarta, and Mexico City.
Is Corporate Philanthropy Dead as We Know It, or Should It Be?. The initiative's difference stands out when corporations realize that they are large enough and have plenty resources and skills to address social problems in our communities. And, the catch line is they can make profit while doing that.
Got Food Security? Look to the World's Growing Social Movements. For the first time in recorded history the next generation is expected to die younger than their parents due to malnutrition and diet-related disease. Hunger and malnutrition are not by-products, but an integral part of the global food system. We desperately need a new food system.
New and Improved Rescue Mission. After eating lunch I mentioned to Alan I needed some coffee. In a way, I simply set myself up to learn about more \new and
Visiting High Schools in Cambodia as an Entrepreneurship Educator. Rallying the world's young entrepreneurs to create wealth and solve problems, and encouraging every young person to consider being capable in financial literacy and entrepreneurship is one of the most important agenda items of our time.
The Danger of Sleepwalking Towards Environmental Crises. Despite well-documented and clear evidence, leaders the world over still seem to think that future generations will find a solution to the environmental crises that this generation seems determine to store up as its lasting legacy.
7 Things to Know About Fair Trade. Which would you purchase? A white shirt made in Indonesia selling for $14.99 with a \designer label\ or a white shirt made in Indonesia for $25 which has a fair trade designation? Why do you think there is such a discrepancy?
Economy Improves, School Spending Continues to Fall - So What Gives?. \u2022 12. This is the percent that funding to low-income Title I schools has decreased since 2010, from $17 billion to $15 billion
Good Governance Built to Last. Governance has been at the heart of the work of the Oxford Martin Commission for Future Generations and is a clear focus in its report, Now for the Long Term. We need governance to ensure that resources are well-managed, growth is sustainable and that poverty can be reduced.
5 Ways to Land - and Stay - on a Donor's Top-5 List. The current philanthropy landscape contains a wide range of challenges and opportunities that we are just now beginning to
Educate All Girls, Especially in Our Own Cities. Our girls stand as examples of what can be achieved when programs exist to get girls into the right academic environment.
SproutEd Wins First Place with an Innovative Education Collaborative Network!. With growing opportunities in the tech industry, it is no wonder that many young entrepreneurs focus their businesses in this sector.
The Impact of Dropping Out, Teen Pregnancy, and Drugs on the Life of a Young Entrepreneur. Serena's path has been full of struggle, and I want to share her story to help other young adults see the impact of not graduating from school, financial struggle, and drug abuse on even the brightest young entrepreneurs.
Celebrating World Sight Day. In Zimbabwe, although law specifically prohibits discrimination against persons with disabilities in employment, admission
Malala. Malala is that voice that shakes our moral conscience and asks us to do what we should have already done
The Best New Ideas in Washington, From an Unexpected Source. What often goes unrealized is that Washington, D.C. is so much more than a collection of government offices and historic buildings, it is also an urban city with all of the attendant challenges.
Peace. Why is it when I mention striving for \peace\ to friends and family, I sense internal eye rolls and receive polite, patronizing smiles?
I'm Still in Awe of Great Teachers. It appeared to be some kind of vocabulary and spelling exercise. Less important to me was which subject was being taught, however; I was amazed at how it was being taught.
Teach Your Children Well. Zimbabwe is recognised as having one of the best education systems in Africa but when I took office as Minister of Education in February 2008 I found it in chaos.
Shaping a Sustainable Future Through Education. The demographics of emerging markets such as Africa, the Middle East and Latin America are fast changing and education plays an important role in facilitating the change of guard in industry.
Teachers Do Matter -- of That, There Can Be No Doubt. Dozens of academic studies have shown what many of us already know
Female Veteran And Rape Survivor Thought, 'It'll Hurt Less Than If I'm Alive'. For a review of warning signs someone may be at risk of suicide, click here. For a list of resources to get free and confidential
Remembering Pasteur on World Rabies Day. While the film industry may have typecast rabies as a disease confined to once-cute dogs, the sad fact is that this terrifying, silent killer is anything but limited to dogs, and the devastation it causes is anything but confined to the big screen.
Camp Starlight. As I recall my memories from Camp Starlight, I have no sob stories to give you about the hardships that these children face in the shadow of HIV.  That is because the people of Camp Starlight have created a place where these kids get to live the life that HIV robs them of.
Iraq Veteran And Suicide Survivor. \I'll tell you, at one point in time I was on every drug that killed Anna Nicole Smith, plus some,\ said Cutler, who was
When Your Job In War Is To Save Soldiers' Lives, You Never Really Come Home. While McNabb and Linnerooth continued work in mental health in the Veterans Affairs system for a time, Landchild said he
Keeping Promises to Women and Children. A new report gives us hope. More organizations, governments and the private sector are making commitments to improve women's and children's health every year, and those commitments are being followed up with real action.
The Global Search for Education. As you will discover today in Part 11 of my global series, \Ticks,\ finding community-wide solutions to infected ticks is going to be challenging.
Why Education Needs More Radioactive Spiders. I wonder how many children we write off as \slow\ when all it would take is a figurative radioactive spider bite to show what they are really capable of. I also wonder how many high-ability children fall between the cracks because of messages they receive from teachers that indicate that high ability is all they need.
Social Media Can Start a Revolution. The majority of Americans barely have an idea Native people exist within the context of the modern day. But, with the advent of social media, as an artist and a Native person, I have a voice.
Vet Launches Suicide Prevention Campaign. Back at Forward Operating Base Summerall that evening, O'Brien and his crew are lined up for formation. They cast sideways
Check out the House That FreeFest Built. This Invisible People road trip is made possible by Sevenly and Virgin Mobile USA, who are partnering to end youth homelessness
Beyond Projects. For many employers, it is difficult to determine what a potential employee is truly qualified for if they hold a high school
Covenant House Missouri Feels like Home. I started off the day traveling downtown St Louis with Covenant House Missouri's outreach team. Having once lived and worked
BuzzFeed Donates $500 To Charity After Photographer Dan Catt Accuses Site Of Stealing Photo. \We discussed a number of things about BuzzFeed, copyright and photography,\ Catt wrote in his blog. \I asked if they'd pay
Bringing Eric Home. I don't think I will ever forget the call I received on Saturday morning, May 21, 2011. An employee of mine called me at home to tell me that Eric was involved in a serious hang-gliding accident the day before. Disbelief and sadness filled me.
I Am a Product of Privilege and You Are, Too. I am a child of immigrants who came to the United States with next to nothing. When I was twelve, my father suffered from a stroke and has not been able to work since.
How Do You Help Young People? Listen to Them!. This video on homeless youth and youth homelessness in Boulder, Colorado gets a little long, and Chris Nelson, program director
How to Get on a Nonprofit Board. At recent event, I was asked
Before He Led National Movements, He Was One of the \Have Nots\. \I became an organizer because I was having some hard times and ended up at a soup kitchen in Southern Indiana. I eventually became a dishwasher at the kitchen. Three years later I was still working there...Most of the people that were in line were there when I first came in to eat.\
What Would Jesus Do to Help Homeless Youth?. My hope in writing this post is that we can all enter into a healthy conversation about faith based organizations and homeless
A Diet For a Hungry America. I also confess that I am a calorie-counter, always regulating my daily food intake. Another First World activity. I have
G20 Lays Out Plan that Could Help the World's Poor - If Leaders Step Up. The G20's focus in 2013-2014 will continue to include food security for the poorest families, providing financial services to rural poor who lack access to banks, and reducing the cost to immigrants sending remittances home to their families.
Using Employment and Education to Help Homeless Youth. This Invisible People road trip is made possible by Sevenly and Virgin Mobile USA, who are partnering to end youth homelessness
Here's to the Foot Soldiers of Change. When you shake a hero's hand, you realize that he or she is flesh and blood just like you and me. You wonder
Highly Qualified Teachers. \This legislation guts the core goal that all students should receive a quality education. It leaves children behind by taking
It's Time for a Serious Discussion About Syria. I have some great news, folks! You don't have to wait for a congressional vote to do something to help Syrian refugees and displaced families. You can act right now.
The Girl Who Spoke to Flowers. At the Afghan Women's Writing Project, we connect international women authors, journalists, and teachers with Afghan women
STEM Funding in Danger - But Does Anyone Care?. It seems that when these test results are released, there is an initial public outcry about the slipping state of the American
False Labor Commemoration. Ask most American workers today if they are feeling confident about the American economy, their employment opportunities, and their chance of retirement these days, and most will answer in the negative.
Billy Ray Harris, Homeless Man Who Returned Diamond Ring, Gets A New Home! (VIDEO). \u201cIt just makes you realize there are good people out there,\u201d Darling told KCTV back in February. \u201cWhen I think of the past
It's Okay To Change. The good news is that we have very effective treatments for the full range of psychological injuries that lead to suicide. The bad news is that very few service members or veterans will receive them.
To Save an Animal, It Takes a City. The ASPCA and the New York City Police Department are teaming up to bring the best and most comprehensive full-care approach to rescuing animals from cruelty.
Let's Give Veterans Something to Celebrate Next Labor Day. In June, Goodwill announced its commitment to providing 3,000 women veterans with services and supports that can help them
The Gap in the US Social Entrepreneurial Startup Scene. Soon after a light bulb shines bright, euphoria sets in and social entrepreneurs quickly set sail in some direction of hope
Red Lines and Treasure. Have we boxed ourselves into a corner by good intentions and dangerously simplistic thinking? One thing I learned in the desert is that sand storms happen. Every crevice of your body ends up with sand. All the lines we draw, even hard red lines, are really lines drawn in the sand.
Increase of Schizophrenia in Homeless Youth. During the morning and afternoon we all walked nearly 10 miles meeting and engaging with homeless youth. I was exhausted
Your Weed Is My Poison. I know many out there think being able to get high at a concert without fear of being thrown out is a wonderful thing, but I don't believe many have considered the issues for those of us who do not want to inhale pot smoke anymore than we want to inhale cigarette smoke.
Assemblymember Toni Atkins Talks Homelessness in California. Assemblymember Toni Atkins represents the 78th district and is the Majority Leader of the California State Assembly, and
Why I Keep Sending Books to Prisoners. We don't have a charming mascot, color or theme. We send books to an underserved and incarcerated population. A lot of people have problems with that. Many believe that prisoners just ought to be punished.
World Humanitarian Day 2013 Uses Social Media To Honor Those Who Live Lives Dedicated To Service. Those who will participate include American pop singer Beyonce, Indian film actor Amitabh Bachchan, Brazilian novelist Paulo
10 Donations You Haven't Considered. The Economist estimated that there are over 14 trillion frequent flyer miles left unclaimed, which could be worth as much
The Problem with Service Learning. It's August, back to school time, and we've entered a period during which a new regime of high stakes tests are rolling-out
What Nonprofits Need Most. This year a major study concluded that \many nonprofits are stuck in a vicious cycle that threatens their ability to raise
Innovation for Clean Water in Africa. Enter Diana Keesiga. We just saw it out of the corner of our eye as we were bombing down a dusty road in the district of
25,000 Women. 25,000 Women is uniquely positioned to educate and reward participants through empowering women in developing countries. The campaign is targeted at young people (teens) and involves a text-message based game.
Make 'Equality Go Viral' WORLDWIDE on August 17 With the 'I Am Equality' Campaign. These experiences have shaped my future and life purpose. As the years progress, I have come to discover just how important it is to celebrate how absolutely unique I am.\n\nThere is no one else on this Earth like me.\n\nMore importantly, I have the right to be here.
Oklahoma Tornado Giving Stalls at Only 1 Percent of Way to Progress. We are under no illusions about the pace of recovery. The damage is great
A Homeless Amanda Bynes? You Are Not Alone. Your parents have officially stated that you are paranoid and homeless. Not exactly a great press release for a 27-year-old
The Road Less Traveled. More than five months on the road just might be the antidote these Iraq vets need. When Anderson learned of Voss's plan, he immediately asked to tag along, receiving immediate support from his spouse and his boss.
Hibaaq Osman Speaks Out Against Arab Governments Abandoning Women's Rights At Aspen Ideas Festival (VIDEO). One women's advocate says the treatment of women is the greatest indicator of how much a government values democracy. \u201cThe
Aging Out of Foster Care. Young people who have spent their teen years in foster care often have mixed feelings upon turning age 18. They may fear
Aspen Leaders Action Forum. For over 60 years, the Aspen Institute has convened the world\u2019s leaders to pause and reflect on the critical issues of our
HuffPost Super User Elijah 'NatureBoy's' Office Is a Park Across From the White House. I taped Elijah \NatureBoy\ Alexander, Jr's story, which you can watch here. Almost immediately people started to leave comments
Immigration Reform. \You are undocumented.\ That is the title my friends gave me. I never thought this simple label would create obstacles which would hinder me from my dreams.
Retired Lieutenant General Jack Gardner On How To Unite America (VIDEO). At the Aspen Ideas Festival last month, Gardner sat down with HuffPost's Daniel Koh to discuss the Franklin Project, which
6 Tips To Keep Volunteers Committed To The Cause. Inspire your volunteers with the cause, not the organization. If you really want people to help you, avoid the general \u201cjoin
San Diego's Nonprofit Recycling Center That Employs Homeless People. Recycling has a become a way of life as we all start becoming more conscious of the environment. Many low-income people and
LIVE FROM THE ASPEN SECURITY FORUM. This livestream is part of our coverage of the Aspen Security Forum. For more from the series, click here. DATE
10 Detroit Charities Serving Their City Amid Bankruptcy News. Detroit's nonprofits are relied upon heavily to fill in the gaps in a city that is relying on state-backed bonds to pay its
Behind Every Streetside Memorial Is a Life That... Was. We look and we feel something human and compassionate, and we wonder
LIVE FROM THE ASPEN SECURITY FORUM. This livestream is part of our coverage of the Aspen Security Forum. For more from the series, click here. DATE
LIVE FROM THE ASPEN SECURITY FORUM. This livestream is part of our coverage of the Aspen Security Forum. For more from the series, click here. DATE
LIVE FROM THE ASPEN SECURITY FORUM. This livestream is part of our coverage of the Aspen Security Forum. For more from the series, click here. DATE
LIVE FROM THE ASPEN SECURITY FORUM. This livestream is part of our coverage of the Aspen Security Forum. For more from the series, click here. DATE
Sean Misner Memorial. Sean Misner, 26, was one of 19 elite firefighters with the Granite Mountain Interagency Hotshot Crew who died battling a
The New Cool Kids, Leaving Wall Street Behind. I see a whole new cool kid now. While a lot of people are running away from Wall Street, I don't agree that everyone should
900+ Seconds of Hope. If we are to change the world we first need to understand what that means, practically, and how we can work together to implement change on the ground. Education is where the global movement for education begins. Collaboration will move this movement forward.
Alternative Culture, Festival Season in Full Bloom. Maybe we should make it mandatory for politicians to go camping for a weekend, dance under the stars, and sleep under the moon before writing any more laws or making any more deals that effect our collective future. Visualize!
Urgency Network Social Good Platform Offers Richard Branson, Paul McCartney, Others As Rewards!. The best prizes at nonprofit auctions typically go to the biggest bidders. A recently launched fundraising platform, however
New Oxfam Poll. As a global development organization, Oxfam has fought against poverty and economic injustice for 70 years in the world's
Why Fireworks Make Me Cry. The noises sound hostile and angry to me. I see arms and legs shattering the bodies of people I know in every red, white, and blue explosion. I don't try to hide from them, I just start to weep.
EcoDistricts As Incubators of Innovation Too. All these efforts are to be applauded particularly because cities -- not states, or nations -- have become the engines of
Kiva Zip Borrower Spotlight. What if your next T-shirt could provide joy and financial support to an individual with special needs? What if that same T-shirt could inspire confidence and a sense of accomplishment for an adult worker with special needs?
Why the G8 'Commitments' Lacked Measurable Actions. Civil society organizations should exert pressure on the G8 -- as well as the other G20 countries -- to take more concrete steps to address financial corruption, which is robbing both developing and developed countries of essential tax income.
How Many Lives Do Your Taxes Save Each Year?. If the average taxpayer invested $25 a year in global health through his or her taxes, that would support HIV/AIDS treatment for one person for nearly a month, or malaria treatment for 46 people, or combination vaccines for about four children.
ITWorks Delaware Builds on Previous Successes. ITWorks students are single, married, parents, working, unemployed, underemployed, with some college, with no college experience and from a variety of backgrounds. They all share a passion for the technology, but have many different interests within IT.
Monica Yunus, Camille Zamora Of Sing For Hope Share Why They Placed 88 Pianos Throughout New York City (VIDEO). Yunus and Zamora sat down with The Huffington Post's Ahmed Shihab-Eldin last week at the Aspen Ideas Festival in Colorado
I Love It!. Who inspires you? Older women, elderly people (soldiers of life, I call them). What is your most memorable moment working
The Global Search for Education. Most countries, including the United States, want to ensure their students are equipped with the 21st century education needed to compete in today's world.  Can U.S. higher education systems remain competitive in terms of equity and positive outcomes among their global competitors?
Remembering Back. When I was a child, July Fourth brought out talk at the family table about the Second World War. Our grownups spoke of the gasoline rations and the saving of tinfoil and so on, but to us kids, it was just one other thing that had happened to them, those inscrutable adults.
Where are the Mosquito Nets in Haiti?. But mosquito net distribution and many other internationally-sponsored efforts fall somewhere in the middle of this spectrum
The Vets Challenge Was About Giving Back. Bonus Challenge #2, any team to raise $500 with 10 unique donors was entered to win 
The American Dream. We all have stories to be proud of. But we often forget, our stories are not competitive or comparative; rather, they are what hold us together. The more I am a part of the American Dream, the more convinced I am that it is alive and well.
Could We Celebrate the 4th of July Under the Old Rules of Our Founders?. It seems incredible that early Americans celebrated the 4th of July (a celebration of independence) even though slavery was tolerated in some states until the Civil War. Millions of Americans openly supported slavery while millions more quietly used it to their advantage.
Eric Liu. Liu, whose parents were immigrants from China via Taiwan, said he's always felt a pull between feeling deeply connected to
My American Dream. As a first generation American, Marine, and social entrepreneur, I've been fortunate to experience a breadth of life. Entrepreneurship to me is the very backbone of what America's land of opportunity allows hard working and committed Americans.
This Independence Day, Let's Celebrate Our Dependence on One Another. Just as American independence required Georgia and New York, Massachusetts and South Carolina to join forces to win the Revolutionary War, we are each fundamentally dependent on one another in our own lives.
Street Soccer For Social Change. Ever since I heard about the Homeless World Cup it has been a dream of mine to attend the event one day.
What Will It Take For Women To Be The Next Drivers Of The Middle Eastern Economy?. However, many of the obstacles preventing women from joining the workforce in larger numbers sounded similar to those being
In Conversation With Jacob J. Lew, U.S. Secretary Of The Treasury (VIDEO). TIME
How Good Corporate Governance Can Help Save Middle Eastern Economies in Crisis. As the Middle East seeks to stabilize its markets after years of upheaval, a good corporate governance strategy can help create a strong and stable private sector that provides jobs, income, and wealth creation for its populations.
'Nest'. For more information and a schedule of events for the 2013 Aspen Ideas Festival, click here. For real time tweets from the
A Seismic Shift In Our Schools. Tweets about \#aspenideas\ The world is changing and the American education system hasn\u2019t kept pace. Experts from across
Will Massively Open Online Courses Transform The Way We Learn? (VIDEO). Tweets about \#aspenideas\ TIME
Gay Marriage In America. Tweets about \#aspenideas\ Just days after the Supreme Court threw out the appeal attempting to reinstate California\u2019s ban
The Revolution Is Coming and It's Wearing Pink Shoes. Pink is not a shy color. Pink demands to be seen; pink is brave and bold and shouts \Here I\nam -- make room for me!\ And this is what the millions of young women all across the world are saying.
World Health Organization. \With nearly 10 million people now on antiretroviral therapy, we see that such prospects - unthinkable just a few years ago
Democracy In The Middle East. Tweets about \#aspenideas\ TIME
What's Holding Back Medical Progress? (VIDEO). Tweets about \#aspenideas\ Why are rapidly evolving scientific discoveries not being translated into treatments for the country\u2019s
Refugees From Mali Reveal 'Most Important Thing' They Took Before Fleeing (PHOTOS). Agade Ag Mohammed, 71, and his family fled Mali after their relatives were kidnapped and killed. He said his \Most Important
Becoming the \Peaceful Offense\ for Change. To me, AmeriCorps and national service, and The Corps Network that Green City Force is part of, are like Homeland Security. As an AmeriCorps member, I am part of a \peaceful offense\ fighting against climate change and for health and opportunity.
A City as Startup. On Saturday June 29, The New York Times' David Brooks talks with Zappos CEO Tony Hsieh about the $350 million project he's
What Do TV Shows Tell Us About Ourselves? (VIDEO). For more information and a schedule of events for the 2013 Aspen Ideas Festival, click here. For real time tweets from the
Kickstarter And The Economics Of Creativity (VIDEO). Tweets about \#aspenideas\ TIME
Afternoon Of Conversation (VIDEO). Tweets about \#aspenideas\ TIME
Raising Girls in the Middle East. Raising girls in the Middle East is not for the faint of heart. That was the consensus yesterday of three extraordinary women whose fearless commitment to empowering and educating girls has inspired millions across the globe and brought them to speak at this year's Aspen Ideas Festival.
Eric Kuhn, Social Media Guru, Offers Twitter Tips At Aspen Ideas Festival (VIDEO). \What drives it all forward is an editorial voice,\ he said. \Use [Twitter] to really move forward a story, use it to advance
How My Service Spanned Beyond the Call of Duty. Our service taught us about selflessness and sacrifice, friendship and brotherhood, rich and poor, white and black, right and wrong. More importantly it taught us that individuals, brought together with others in a common mission, can have an impact.
Madeleine Albright At Aspen Ideas Festival Talks Being A Woman In A Man's World (VIDEO). \The most famous thing I ever said was 'There's a special place in hell for women who don't help each other.'\ Madeleine
The Regression of Human Rights in the Middle East. Human rights issues have taken a back seat as the region continues to face unprecedented change. Despite protests waning, divisions plaguing opposition movements and violence intensifying, one of the biggest challenges facing the Middle East today is the declining state of human rights and the silence of so many democratic governments across the world.
Escape From Reality and Care for Yourself. This may seem trite, but that trip taught me (or at least reminded me) that life is never perfect.
There Is HOPE in San Francisco's Homeless Count. The phone rings nonstop with people in emergency need of food and shelter. Others stop by the office of HOPE to find help
Honor Flight's Mail Call at 30,000 Feet. Letters
What Is the 'Return' on Charity?. When you give you receive not because it \gets\ you anything but because giving of yourself is what we were all meant to do. It is the internal reward of doing something right and good, and the moment you begin to calculate what it will yield the purity of the gesture is lost.
An Open Letter to Kim Kardashian. The point is, while preeclampsia, might be relatively unknown, it isn't choosy; any pregnant woman is at risk. It is the leading cause of maternal and infant death and near-miss globally and in the U.S.A.
Even in Divisive Times, Service and Volunteering Bring Us Together as One America. At Points of Light's Conference on Volunteering and Service in Washington, D.C. this week, the crowd of 5,000 saw something you don't see every day.  And it wasn't just right-leaning strategist Karl Rove dancing on stage with left-leaning strategist Donna Brazile.
JFK Presidential Yacht 'Honey Fitz' Hosts $1,000-A-Head Charity Event For Sick Kids. \My phone has been ringing off the phone for tickets\ since the event was announced Thursday in a press release, organizer
When Doing Good Isn't Good Enough. When was the last time you heard someone use that old aphorism, \The perfect is the enemy of the good\? On its face, this sounds like sage advice. At the same time, I think there is a danger in this approach.
How A 'Deadbeat' Dad Became An Inspiration To Fathers Everywhere. 2. HOW HAS THIS WORK CHANGED YOU? It has helped me develop and unyielding belief that no matter how dire the circumstance
A Promise Renewed. What will you be doing this Father's Day? Grilling in the back yard with the family? We often take such simple pleasures for granted. But, elsewhere, millions of fathers around the world will struggle to help their children survive and thrive.
Dads With Daughters! Support She's The First for Father's Day With #STFdads. She's The First sends girls in developing countries to school so that they can be the first in their families to graduate. For Father's Day, we're asking dads to honor their daughters by celebrating their potential... and helping a girl in the developing world get a chance to reach hers.
G8. We have had much G8 rhetoric around nutrition and food security over the last several years and the renewed interest in this quintessential intervention for human development is good, but needs to be backed up by a transparent accountability framework that can trace every promised dollar.
Tale of Two Fathers. This Father's Day I'm missing my two daughters as I travel through Nigeria and Congo learning about how Africans are improving vaccination in the region. While I'd rather be at home with Abby and Jessie, I'm propelled along these travels by memories of two African fathers.
Ten Years of Helping Orphans and Vulnerable Children Affected by AIDS -- A Celebration of PEPFAR. Over the last decade there have been many lively -- even heated -- debates surrounding best approaches to support children affected by HIV and AIDS.  At last year's International AIDS Conference, there was one issue most could agree on -- thank goodness for PEPFAR!
The Transformative Potential of the Poor. You may have heard of the concept of \inclusive growth,\ the idea that the increasing economic prosperity should benefit
The Fathers of Women. Issues affecting women and girls impact everyone. When half the population of a country, and half of a potential workforce, isn't entitled to an education, the effects are monumental.
Can G8 Leaders Be Accountable at Lough Erne?. 1. Ensure People Have Access to Nutritious Food An estimated $20-$40 billion is illegally removed from developing countries
Can We Stop Killing Our Oceans Now, Please?. We need to respect the oceans and take care of them as if our lives depended on it. Because they do.
A Call for Election Reform, Beginning with New York. Deep-pocket interests drive the law-making agenda on issues that range from gun violence to our unfair tax system to the
Belfast G8 Protests Smaller, More Peaceful Because People More Focused On Own Struggles. Northern Ireland police regularly deal with sectarian rioting involving Catholic youths, who want Northern Ireland to unite
Top Local Nonprofit Of Month Helping Kids (VOTE). Note
Rebuilding Education From Turmoil. \Parallels can always be found between children everywhere in the world. Children are open vessels waiting to be filled. \
All for the Sake of a Few Nutrients. The difference between a child achieving his or her full potential in life comes down to the first thousand days
G8. As world leaders tackle hunger, poor nutrition and extreme poverty, they need to ensure their solutions are not top down. Farmers, particularly women farmers, must be central to any strategy and not an afterthought.
Microfinance for Slum Dwellers - Four Solutions that Work. Photo credit
Experiments in Scaling Social Impact. The third experiment is a radical evolution of our core GSBI Accelerator program. It tests whether engaging other ecosystem
57 Simple Ways to Make Someone's Day. Recently, I ran across something that got me thinking again about the beauty of a simple kindness.  And about the astonishing power and positive impact even the smallest kind word or deed can have on someone's day -- or life.
Redefining Cancer Survivorship. Today, June 2, is National Cancer Survivors Day. For Karen Shayne and Judy Pearson, co-founders of the Women Survivors Alliance, it is also an opportunity to galvanize others to their 365 days-a-year mission.
Moms Are Now The Breadwinners, But Some Loaves Are Still Bigger Than Others. At Dress for Success, nearly 80 percent of our clients are single mothers. Providing our women with the professional attire
PEPFAR. PEPFAR represents the very best of America -- the extraordinary generosity and compassion of the American people. Through PEPFAR, we are helping to deliver a better future to millions around the globe.
Talk in Action. A memorable interview reveals not only what someone does, but why. It's at the junction of motivation and manifestation where personal history really gets interesting.
Memorial Day. Over the course of four years in the Marine Corps, two combat tours, nearly forty comrades killed in action, and eight dead by their own hand, I have heard \Amazing Grace\ emotionally played on bagpipes too many times for a man who has only just turned thirty.
Getting Our Youth Back to Work. Without the right skills, people will languish on the margins of society, technological progress will not translate into economic growth, and countries can't compete in the global economy.
Research. Working with people who are living in a vehicle requires different strategies and outreach models. The good is that many are new to homelessness and are often easier to help back into normal society.
Remember the Veterans. In 2010, I was honored by Vietnam Veterans in North Carolina when they chose me to accompany them to The Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington D.C.
A Letter to Military Personnel. Seeing danger and making the choice to proceed anyway is precisely how I define bravery. We all find ways to deal with the fear of death. We know the uncertainty that lies ahead. We see the bravery in others before we will see it in ourselves.
Think of the Men and Women Who Gave up Their Tomorrows So We Could Enjoy Our Todays. Memorial Day in the United States is meant to be a day of reflection and somberness. It is meant to be a day where we think about what we have and what was given to have it.
It's Time. or all these veterans have given, many of them are coming home wounded in body or spirit to a society that, while it unanimously honors their service, doesn't really know how to reward and repatriate them.
Memorial Day. This Memorial Day let's makes some time to think about not only those who have given their lives for their country and not returned -- what about those returning soldiers who have given their inner lives and who are now paying an enormous price?
Memorial Day. The Memorial Day holiday is a time to remember and thank our currently serving military and those who served their country in the past.  It's also a time to remember that veterans get a very special deal on mortgages through the VA loan program.
In Rememberance of Memorial Day. No matter how many resources -- human and financial -- we invest in war, we have few to spare for peace.
Who Should We Stop From Adopting?. You know, we used to tell children to \grow up.\  I'm not sure that's good advice any more. If my children need to pick a side where adults argue at the expense of children, as a requirement of growing up, then I hope mine never do.
Patriotism, Sacrifice and an HIV Vaccine. In three decades we have made tremendous progress in the battle against the HIV epidemic. There are now over three dozen approved drugs and combination regimens that, when taken correctly, can extend life for decades.
'Flanders Fields' On Memorial Day For My Uncle Dude (1923-1942). On Memorial Day, as a child, I recall frayed old men in tattered uniforms handing out Red Paper Poppies. And as I dropped a dime into the bucket, a donation to the veterans of past wars, I was more enamored with the brightly colored lapel garnish than with any deeper significance.
This Memorial Day, Let Us Honor but also Resolve. \Why dwell on such numbers, such anniversaries -- on a still-ongoing war?\ But, more important, how can we honor and mourn
A Living Memorial. He was an Eagle Scout. He was an athlete. He loved American cars. He wore shorts in the dead of the winter. On May 21, 2009, an insurgent with a bomb in Baghdad's Dora market ended Jason George's life. Our country lost a great soldier that day. And I lost a good friend.
Proposed CFC Rules Threaten Donor Choice and Funding for Nonprofit Advocacy. The federal government shouldn't be in the business of picking winners and losers regarding which charitable organizations
How the Changing Marketplace of Food and Supplies is Saving Lives. This year, hundreds of thousands of children lived because of this change in the global market. And because of UNICEF's volume purchasing, prices for therapeutic food dropped by nearly 10 percent -- math that equates to more children saved.
Hope for the Future. During my sophomore year in high school, I realized that I was \undocumented.\ I was used to supporting myself and my family, but suddenly there seemed so many things I could not do.
An Old Idea Stirs Up New Controversy. We do not subject our visitors to IQ tests; the curiosity in their faces, the intelligence of their questions, and the empathy they feel for immigrants of America's past and for each other testify to the future of this country and the role that immigrants have played, and continue to play, in shaping this great city and country.
Girls Education. When a young woman's needs of health and security are met, and she is equipped with the skills and insights to transcend circumstances, she gains the opportunity to realize her fullest potential.
Homeless Services Can Do Better. This short video from @home features Nan Roman, Nan Roman, President of the National Alliance to End Homelessness, and Loyd
On Mother's Day, Let's Invest in Women. Needless suffering and death can be avoided if women are invested in and valued culturally for more than just their reproductive capacity.
A Military Mom's Mother's Day Wish for Her Children. Even if Daddy isn't here to help you pick out a gift, or even if you feel bad if your teacher didn't let you make a card for me, it's going to be okay. There are better things you can give me.
Option B+. Whether a woman is a mother today, or a mother to be, her health is paramount -- both for her own productivity and quality of life, and that of the next generation.  One way that we can help to support women -- and their children -- is by ensuring that all mothers receive the essential health services they need, including for HIV.
Power Players. The answers to some of the biggest challenges facing us this century lie waiting to be discovered in the laboratories and institutions of science, technology, engineering and mathematics. But we must remember, scientists do not operate in a vacuum in such endeavors.
The Power of One Mom. In developing countries, women are disproportionately affected by the challenges of extreme poverty yet time and time again find the courage to provide a brighter future for their children.
Innovating Healthcare Payment Systems. Under the FFS system, doctors are paid based on the number of medical services such as operations, procedures, and tests ordered. As a result, the payment structure encourages physicians to deliver care based on quantity, but does not fiscally incentivize improving patient outcomes.
Finding Kindness. Help the Homeless Right now, perfectly healthy animals in shelters across the country are being killed because there's no
Bricks and Mortar and Radical Change. More recently, in a report calling for New Models for School Success, Carnegie said
Bricks and Mortar and Radical Change. States and districts must act now to design schools that use their most valuable resources--teaching, technology, time, and
The Woodstock of Capitalism. Every year on this day, tens of thousands of people make the pilgrimage to Omaha, Nebraska to hear two of the worlds richest men discuss everything from cultural trends, to love and marriage, to assigning probabilities to terrorist attacks. Those men are Warren Buffett and Charlie Munger, of course.
On Reparenting. Allowing family narrative to evolve, however painful the initial reopening of the wound, allows you to cherry-pick the best of your parents' gifts with clarity and pass them along to the next generation.
5 Ways to Empower the Poor. With the rise of organizations and initiatives that educate, empower, and encourage urban residents to demand their rights
We Are Global Daughters. Our experiences as Miss Universe and Miss USA instill within us a global outlook. That's what the Global Mom Relay speaks to -- women and men and children coming together in support of solutions for moms and kids that will benefit us all.
In Support of Limb Loss Awareness Month. April is Limb Loss Awareness Month. Our nation has become all too aware of limb loss this April as a result of the Boston bombings. I am not an amputee myself, but I share a connection with the amputee community because of my dogs, both of whom are missing limbs and are certified therapy dogs.
Looking to Get a Gig? You Don't Have to Wait for Google to Build it. The path that led us to the deployment of a citywide gigabit network has been a challenging one. There have been ups and downs, but we have remained focused on what is best for our community. In keeping our focus, we have delivered the connectivity that our citizens demanded nearly a decade ago.
Celebrate Neighborday on April 27. I'm a member of GOOD, the worldwide community of people who give a damn. We are pragmatic idealists working towards individual and collective progress. And today, I am excited to share the first holiday of the GOOD community
A Seat at the Table - Womack and Team at the WIB Symposium. class of 40 trainees in that very same EXPO building less than a week ago, and is about to start a new training session on
Why Empowering Girls Is Key to Ending Poverty. On April 18, Girl Rising was screened at the World Bank in Washington, D.C. in an event to give a greater momentum to girls
Saving the Environment With Food Tubes?. One of the challenges we are tackling at the summit is related to food.  We look forward to continuing this conversation and sharing our newly gained knowledge about how we can all work to improve our environment.
Empathy in the Wake of Tragedy. There is much to learn from this horrific occurrence beyond the details that have yet to be revealed. Although it is human to seek vengeance against those who have caused pain, if this mindset is maintained our geo-political atmosphere will forever be at war.
Boston and Terror. We are traumatized as terror unfolds from the Boston bombings and the killing at MIT. Our minds are full of horrific images, as we feel more and more fearful and out of control. What do we do and how do we talk to ourselves during this traumatic time? The quickest, most effective way out of fear is to turn to love.
Gratitude. As the hostage negotiation continued and we sat down to dinner, I prayed that we'd come out of lockdown a safer, more caring community. I loaded the plates and raised a glass, with the hope that my fellow citizens will find the strength to heal.
Considering Obligation and Choice. Every day, we make hundreds if not thousands of individual choices. Some times big, some times small. Sometimes self serving
Making the Connection Between Technology and Maternity. The impact one cell phone can make on the life of a woman in labor anywhere in the world when she doesn't have the time or means to get to healthcare is remarkable.
Investing in the Children of Malawi. goods for good distributes shoes as part of an innovative education program for orphans, and then we take it a step further.
How the Sun Helps Nairobi's Slum Dwellers Get Clean Water. Access to water is a central issue for slum dwellers around the world. Getting water is often a time-consuming endeavor that involves waiting in long lines and walking great distances. Water is often more expensive for the poor than for the wealthy, demanding a large portion of families' budgets.
What If We All Lived With an Immigrant Spirit?. Perhaps the greatest benefit of working with international students is that I get a constant reminder of what it's like to
Granting a Mother's Dying Wish. Esther felt she had no choice but to take in these twins as her own. Having raised her own children largely as a single mother, she couldn't imagine them growing up without a \mother's love.\
Is All of 12th Grade Necessary for All Students?. Is it not our obligation to facilitate what is best for each student by requiring a structured planning process, especially one that carries no additional cost to the school or family?
Connecting People is The Future of Social Change. Despite the world being more connected than ever before, we continue to tackle global challenges by anonymously sending help
WWE Works to End Bullying at WrestleMania 29. Throughout his tenure as WWE CEO, Vince McMahon has made charitable giving and philanthropic projects cornerstones of the WWE business model.
The Detroit Food Academy - Providing Opportunities for Detroit Youth. This post is part of our Millennial Impact spring series \Getting Fresh.\ These blogs highlight our young, innovative contributors
Maternal Alliance for Maternal Health South Africa -- Panashe Chipikiri. MAMA works in South Africa to help more mothers get access to culturally sensitive health information via mobile phones to better care for themselves and their babies.
New Beginnings and Second Chances. Easter is a day of new starts and new beginnings -- of realizing we are worthy of second chances because God loves us. Let us celebrate second chances by investing in women, who are powerful agents of global change.
Does Being a Blessed Society Make Us Dangerous?. I love being an American. I'm a Texan, an outdoorswoman -- but if you told me I had to give up some rights or change some laws so that my daughter could safely go to school, attend church, or walk home -- I would do it.
Conflict Free Chocolate. The organization calls out specific brands such as Toblerone and shows you ways to help stop trafficking. And they're not
Second Murder of a Teacher in One Week. Pakistan is today counting the costs of a week of carnage in which teachers and pupils have been violently attacked simply because they want to go to school. As pupils gathered at the Baldia Town School this morning for an awards ceremony, grenades were hurled into the building and then shots rang out.
A Conversation on Data in Homeless Services. Homeless services is starting to adapt the use and sharing of data. HUD has now even mandated all service providers use HMIS (Homeless Management Information Systems) as a requirement to funding! That's all great, but to make data really work we need policy and cultural changes!
Purple Cupcake Day. If you eat a purple cupcake, there's a chance you can save a life. Since 2008, when Purple Day was created by eight-year-old Cassidy Megan of Nova Scotia, Canada, on March 26th, people the world over wear lavender in support of those battling the realities and consequences of epilepsy.
Lessons From My Mom. As a professional basketball player, I have had amazing opportunities to use my talents, to play with the best players in the world, and even to represent my country in the Olympics. All of those opportunities began at home.
Finding God Via the Golf Course. My road back to golf and to Clay Hamrick was a spiritual one. December 2011 caused me to face my two biggest fears
Hope at the Epicenter. For well over a century, South Africa miners, their families, and communities have been decimated by tuberculosis. But, the current momentum in the region suggests that we may have had good reason to be hopeful.
Voices Around the World Creating Green Livelihoods. Today's Global Mom Relay post comes to you from around the world. Members of India's Self Employed Women's Association, an organization of low-income self-employed women workers led by Reema Nanavaty, and Anna Ingwe.
Homeless In Portland, Oregon Redeem Tokens From 'Sanctity Of Hope' Nonprofit For Goods (VIDEO). \u00e2\ufffd\ufffdWe choose to donate money based on the level of perceived need,\u00e2\ufffd\ufffd Derek Thompson wrote in the Atlantic in 2011. \u00e2\ufffd\ufffdBeggars
Are You an Armchair Advocate?. Why does this matter? Someone who manages to drive their peers to invest their time and talents to solve global problems
The Wealth Gap Is an Opportunity Gap. We have to do more than tread water.  The sense of urgency is great. A new wave of civic engagement in communities of color is necessary to move this agenda forward.  It is the only way that opportunity for all will be attainable.
Do Hedge Funds Care?  Yes, They Really Do!. Who better than professional money managers to raise and invest funds while applying the skills that make them successful in their day jobs to philanthropic initiatives?
Rape Exists Because We Condone Violence. Rape is an extension of a cultural obsession with violence, not solely an issue of just one gender being violated. Let us not get confused; yes, there are specific ways that gender is targeted through rape (i.e. war), but that is not the totality of the issue.
Help Girls Across the Globe Go for Gold and Achieve Their Dreams. The work of the United Nations and the growing movement to advocate for girls comes down to one truth
San Diego. I began my career in HIV and quickly learned that in the shadows of affluence lies the truth about San Diego . . . a region lacking the resources to address the dire health needs of our most vulnerable residents.
At SXSW Helping Homeless People Is Delicious With Street Treats. Providing a social enterprise for street homeless people takes a lot of trust on everyone's part. That trust alone my be better at restoring a life than the money these vending carts will generate.
Habitudes of STEM Leaders. Today, we want to discuss the behavior set, mindset and belief system of STEM leaders. We call these habitudes -- because success is a combination of disciplined habits and battle-hard attitudes.
The Global Fund Needs Japan Now More Than Ever. We have a historic opportunity to get HIV, tuberculosis and malaria under control. We are immensely grateful to the Japanese people for the role they have played towards this end.
Kim Tran, Once-Homeless Popular Virginia Teen, Gets Help From Caring Teachers (VIDEO). \u201cThe school is like my refuge,\u201d Kim Tran told NBC Washington. \u201cIt\u2019s the one place where I feel safe, comfortable and actually
The Impact. While International Women's Day is a day for us to remember the many achievements and advancements for women around the world, it is also a day to remember how far we still need to go, particularly when it comes to improving health care services for mothers and their babies.
Moving Beyond Words. Standards are in place to end violence and discrimination against women and girls. Governments must not be allowed to backtrack on their pledges.
Why We Must Listen to Children. I had the opportunity to speak with H.R.H. Princess Laurentien of the Netherlands about her work and thoughts on motherhood. As mothers to four young children between us, the reflections and aspirations shared by other moms take on a special meaning.
Top Local Nonprofit Of The Month Helping Animals (VOTING CLOSED). At HuffPost Impact, we\u2019ve partnered with GreatNonprofits.org to highlight 10 local charities and their tireless work to help
Investors Wake Up! Fossil-Free Breakfast Is Ready!. A powerful myth of the '70s was that \you have to eat meat to get enough protein!\ and one of today's myths is that \if you dump oil stocks your portfolio will suffer!\ Good nutrition, people now know, is no longer about meat and potatoes.
'A Lot of the Guys on the Job Show Respect' -- 20 Questions for Women in Construction. I worked until my 9th month of pregnancy -- the Goldman Sachs Embassy Suites hotel by ground zero.
Resilience Under Fire. Every night, when darkness decreases the chances they'll be shot, an average of 5,000 refugees, half of them children, flee from Syria into Jordan, Lebanon, Turkey, Iraq and Egypt.
Kenyans need to make peace. There are people in Kenya who survive on one meal a day -- if they're lucky. As little as 500 shillings about $6 is enough
Our Unhealthy View of Mental Health (and Mental Illness). Society probably spends more time trying to ignore mental illness than to understand it. And that's not easy to do given how many people mental illness affects.
'You Have to Have a Certain Amount of Toughness' -- 20 Questions for Women in Construction. We are in the 21st century and less than 10 percent of workers are women in the construction industry.
'My Mother Has Been By My Side and Has Had Faith in Me When I Had No Faith in Myself' -- 20 Questions for Women in Construction. People believe that we are here to fill a quota, not to do a job. When they see that you CAN do what you were sent here to do, they begin to respect you.
To My Fellow Millennials. Generation Me, claims that Millennials have strong attributes such as confidence and tolerance, but in contrast we also have a sense of entitlement, narcissism, and rejection of social conventions. In other words, we make great entrepreneurs.
Oscar's 6 Biggest Winners (Even if They Don't Go Home With Trophies). It may have been a strategic move by awards season maestro Harvey Weinstein that thrust mental health into the spotlight
Displaced Syrians Get Little Aid. \It all happened in five minutes. I was in the toilet,\ she said. \The government of Syria has made it very clear that they
What's Your Vision. Years ago I was bullied and threatened on the job after my coworkers met my gender-queer partner.
Mali Aid Donor Conference Planned For May. BRUSSELS, Feb 18 (Reuters) - The European Union will hold an international aid conference on Mali in May, EU Commission President
On Presidents Day, Let's Honor The Most Giving Leaders Of Free World. Correction
Penn State THON 2013 Dance Marathon Raises Funds To Fight Pediatric Cancer (PHOTOS, TWEETS). Update 2/17/13, 5:40 p.m. EST
Harvesting Justice. From community gardens to just global policy, a national and global movement is growing to reclaim food, land, and agricultural systems from agribusiness and put them back in the hands of citizens.
Preparing Students for College and Career. When we create relevant and rigorous learning experiences for high school students, and combine that with the technological resources, we engage students and provide motivation to achieve.
Gun Violence and Women. No single woman leader, even one with as compelling a story as Gabby Giffords, can shift the direction of this debate alone. It will take women like the mothers of Newtown, and organizations like One Million Moms for Gun Control led by Shannon Watts, and more.
Rise Up Against Rape This Valentine's Day. This year, on V-Day's 15th anniversary, Enlser is leading one BILLION people as we rise up to stop the rape and violence.
The Valentine's Day Gift With The Most Heart. Although the Obama administration strongly supports its ratification and the Senate Foreign Relations Committee has voted
Lucca, Military Dog Who Worked In Afghanistan, Tours HuffPost Offices (PHOTOS). PHOTOS of Lucca
Give the Urban Poor Opportunity, Not Just Charity. Providing the poor and marginalized with employment is the best way to help them lift themselves out of poverty.
Super Bowl Is Single Largest Human Trafficking Incident In U.S.. As of Friday, five women were rescued and eight human-trafficking related arrests were made in New Orleans, according to
Super Bowl Charity Events. This is an annual event for Jaworski who has raised over $75,000 in the past three years, according to cigaraficionado.com
A Veteran Foundation Board Member's Advice on Grant Making. When Tom Scanlon stepped down from the board of the Public Welfare Foundation this fall after 40 years of service, he could have gone quietly. Instead, he wrote his colleagues a thoughtful letter that made clear where he felt the organization had gone wrong.
Rebels Without a Cause? Beyond Heroic Social Entrepreneurship in Davos. The grand narrative of social entrepreneurship is everywhere
What We Can Learn About Privacy From Jodie Foster and Steubenville. As a society, we feel entitled to strip people of their privacy rights when they appear to transgress how we believe they should live their lives. But who are we to determine what, when and where anyone else must share about their private lives? Privacy is a human right.
Private Sector Partnerships Can Transform Global Health. There's a growing and welcome awareness that the world's biggest health challenges have profound economic implications as well.
Girl Rising. If one thing was made clear by the scale of the recent anti-child slavery demonstration of 200,000 young people in the Burmese capital Rangoon, it is that regimes can repress for a time but they cannot maintain their repression indefinitely. The marches show that while children may disappear one by one into slavery, sold off by relatives or neighbours, becoming in effect invisible people - the victims' cries for help cannot be silenced forever, and eventually the truth will out.
Youth Unemployment Demands Action From Businesses around the World. Certainly big business can't bear all of the blame about the unemployment rate among youth, but organizations must begin to invest time and effort into candidates that have promise but may not have 100 percent of the skills or the training that are required.
Civil Society's Time Has Come -- as an Enabler and Constructive Challenger. Current global governance is widely viewed as no longer fit for purpose; sources of capital are unstable; demands for accountability and measurement of impact are multiplying; and almost everyone is struggling to connect meaningfully with younger generations.
Marine Guards Homeless Camp. Unlike the military men that were once stationed adjacent to bordellos and trading posts, this 21st century Marine sentry hasn't worn a uniform in quite some time. But that doesn't make him any less duty bound or his imposing stature any less intimidating.
Saving Lives and Livelihoods. The world has made impressive progress in health over the past few decades, leading to untold lives being saved. Just as risk managers have learned it is impossible to eliminate risk, the public health community is learning the value of building resilience.
Life After Death. Is there sufficient proof for immortality and the existence of the afterlife? No, not 100 percent. And for me, there will never be until I'm there. But that's okay.
Breaking the Cycle. What if all you wanted was to be able to work, to support your family, to get yourself off the streets -- to feel successful -- but you can't? Then what?
The JobRaising Challenge. Today, as President Obama is sworn in for a second term, we're seizing the moment to take the JobRaising Challenge to the next stage. Starting now, you can view the powerful profiles and videos of our 74 finalists and donate to the organizations that resonate most with you.
Opening Doors to the American Dream. Transitional jobs programs work to help chronically unemployed people facing barriers to employment get the experience, skills and opportunity they need to enter the workforce.
Innovation in the New Grassroots Economy. The national job crisis goes deeper than the availability of jobs. The day-to-day barriers to employment disproportionately impact families who lack cultural and economic capital to participate freely in the job market.
Get Aboard! How Student Reporter Will Create Its Niche at the WEF. Covering Davos' Open Forum, the Student Reporter can bring the public dialogue and the unique Davos atmosphere down from the Alps and closer to the rest of the world.  It doesn't matter what subject you shoot -- a slightly different angle can change the whole picture.
The Big Push to Defeat AIDS, TB and Malaria. Every era offers something special. I think the most special thing about our current time is the incredible opportunity that scientific advances have provided in the field of global health, giving us the ability to completely control highly dangerous infectious diseases such as AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria.
Help Americans Get Back to Work. Today, nearly 12 million of our fellow Americans are unemployed. Our hardest hit communities are struggling to hold on. The trend is not reversing. Government has not taken strong enough action. So what can we do?
Dr. King's Call for Nonviolence. Dr. King's principles and methodology of nonviolence outline a path to social change that still holds true.
Jeffersonian Dinners Create Transformative Connections. As a result of the dinners, vibrant networks and passionate partners have been created for these causes. Here are a few ground rules that help these dinners succeed.
Urban Poverty in America. \Quite frankly, I think that Obama's programs have prevented poverty, including concentrated poverty, from rapidly rising, considering the terrible economy.\
NAACP Inspires Millennials To Give Back Beyond Martin Luther King Day (VIDEO). Jealous says one solution is motivating them to take action in response to an issue that angers them. But the news about
A New Leader for Africa. Joyce Banda, president of Malawi since April, is already a beacon of hope for that desperately poor country, but also for good governance across a continent long plagued by its opposite.
Lance Armstrong's Livestrong. Considering Lance Armstrong spent his life letting countless others look foolish in order to maintain his own glorified image, it is hard to fathom that Livestrong was anything but another byproduct (albeit a positive one) of obsessive pride.
Ted Williams, Man With 'Golden Voice,' Starts Foundation For Homeless  (VIDEO). \u201cI thought it was the most degrading thing,\u201d Williams told NBC of how he viewed begging on a highway. \u201cI thought it was the
Connecting People to People in Haiti. Many have expressed pessimism about the disparity between Haiti's slow reconstruction and the billions of dollars spent in and promised to the country. I have witnessed firsthand how projects can make a tremendous impact if the work is implemented with local actors on the ground.
A Giant Recognizes Others Who Make a Difference. Many of you know me as Michael Strahan the NFL football player and as Kelly's sidekick on LIVE! with Kelly and Michael. What you don't know about me is that I have a side to me that likes to give back, especially for children who are underprivileged and battling causes in order to save their lives.
Minutes Matter. While the Haitian people have proven to be incredibly resilient, there remains a great need for the tools and early warnings that Americans take for granted when dangerous conditions threaten lives and livelihoods.
Winning the War Against Human Trafficking. On the 150th anniversary of the Emancipation Proclamation, it is fitting to ask for a progress report. Are we winning the war against human trafficking? The answer, unfortunately, is no.
Mothering Through the Generations. When I was expecting my second child, one of the most common questions I had my way was this
Dental Health In Rural Haiti. Like so many problems the country faces, nonprofits like Tabasamu step in to fill the gap. The long lineups of adults and
What Cancer Did. I am not trying to suggest that we should not have hope.  We must have hope for a better day in the childhood cancer community. But childhood cancer remains a killer of our children, and it also remains woefully underfunded and most people are unaware of this fact.
Presidents, Pastors, Principals and Superintendents - Wake Up!. Reach out to your local Children's Advocacy Center. If you don't already have a relationship with your local advocacy center
Your Voice Is Needed to Help Stop the Community Care Facilities Ordinance in Los Angeles. The elimination of shared housing in residential zones would fall most heavily on people with disabilities for whom shared housing provides the best and most prevalent opportunity to live independently.
U.S. Navy's Trippy Anti-Bath Salts PSA. As you'll see through the eyes of a serviceman using bath salts, your friends may appear to transform to demons and zombies, you stand to wind up in emergency surgery -- and, possibly, Davy Jones' Locker.
Top Local Nonprofit Of The Month Fighting Hunger (VOTE). As we recover from our holiday food comas, let us also remember those who go without. At HuffPost Impact, we\u2019ve partnered
Counting Our Blessings in 2013. At last, 2012 has indeed been a year of spellbinding paradox. As we work toward finding gratitude in each triumph and tragedy
5 Nonprofit Trends to Watch in 2013. 4. Savvier Donors Because nonprofits are getting more savvy, donors are as well. In addition to an increasing demand for
After India Gang Rape, Young Indians Find Political Voice. \I thought we lived in the world's biggest democracy where our voices counted and meant something. Politicians need to see
Top Charity Stunts Of 2012. The charity sector saw a number of unexpected boons in 2012. Forty-seven percent of unemployed people committed to giving
New Year's Resolutions. Year after year, the same resolutions lead the pack
Basketball Diaries. Most of the Afghan basketball players stepped on the court barefoot; a few wore sandals, others worn-out dress shoes. In time, the hazy fog of Afghan players coalesced into human beings with names
Tax Deductions For Donations. As fiscal cliff ambiguity continues, some donors are increasing charitable contributions, while others are delaying gifts
Ten Things We Can Do in 2013. While our endless and expensive elections, Superstorm Sandy and gun violence against children dominated 2012, here are 10 things we can accomplish in 2013.
Santa Pays a Virtual Visit to Hospitalized Kids. Through the magic of Cisco's video collaboration technologies, children virtually connect to the \North Pole\ and are able to share their holiday wishes and Christmas lists with Santa directly.
Toys for Tots for Homeboys (and Homegirls) for Christmas. Jesse is telling me about himself in an upstairs meeting room at Homeboy Industries, a charity that helps former gang members to become productive members of their families and communities.
Holiday Giving Stories. For the many people who faced unspeakable tragedy and hardship this year, the season of giving takes on an entirely new meaning
Top 2012 Highlights in Maternal Health. As 2012 comes to a close, it's time to celebrate progress by looking back at some of the most memorable milestones and events of the past year.
Fighting Bulldozers, Slum Dwellers Find a New Weapon. Muungano wa Wanavijiji has helped to spotlight a new weapon in the arsenal of anti-poverty practitioners
How New York City Food Trucks Helped Heal Hurricane Sandy Victims. Connecting the real-time knowledge of City Agencies and FEMA working on the ground, the Mayor's Fund ultimately funded over
A Wonderful Life? Finding Capra in Today's Christmas. It's Christmas Eve.  And for most of us, thank goodness, it's almost over. We've been too preoccupied with a lot of \holiday\ crap to enjoy a real joyous sense of a true Christmas.
5 Online Twists to Traditional Holiday Giving. Share Warmth with the Elderly - Visiting shut-in residents at the nursing home seem all too reminiscent of the holidays. It's
Making a Shopping List With Impact in Mind. What follows is a possible set of considerations per industry that, if followed by investors, might move investment values closer to our underlying human values. Check it out as an overlay on your investments and see if it jives or not.
Series on Women Changing the World. It has been a decade later, and Mercy's courageous work has not stopped. Today, she is responsible for impacting the lives
Risen From the Ashes. According to mythology, every 500 to 1000 years, the Phoenix dies in a fire in its nest and is reborn into a young bird from its ashes. It is from this story that Julie Anderson chose the name and the motto for her blog, \Phoenix Quilts.\
How New York City Food Trucks Helped Heal Hurricane Sandy Victims. \Honored to feed 500 ppl at the Redfern Houses today.\ \After learning from a community leader that there were many homebound
Imagine a World Without Diabetes. I faced some tough opponents throughout my career in the boxing ring. It took the perfect combination of punches, resilience and an enduring commitment to become a champion. Today, the U.S. is facing a hard-hitting opponent of its own -- diabetes.
What Was It Really Like -- That \Silent Night\?. Its lyrics are known to countless millions, and the words of \Silent Night\  conjure up the image of a beautiful scene, and the mental picture we have is one of  peace and tranquility. But what was it really like that \Silent Night\?  Probably neither peaceful nor tranquil.
Welcoming Inconvenience for the Greater Good. Efforts of communities across the country to come together in new ways are inspiring and show the way for business, nonprofits, philanthropy, government and citizens to work together for purposes that are more important than any one organization or group.
A Christmas Message To Our Troops (Still) in Harm's Way. It has become a bittersweet tradition every year to write a Christmas message to our troops who continue to be in harm's way.
Robin Hood Foundation Shares Results of Sandy Relief 12-12-12 Concert. Over the next several months, we will take every penny that was raised and grant funds to the most effective organizations helping low-income victims and vulnerable populations in New York City, Long Island, New Jersey and Connecticut.
What Should Parents Do About New Years Resolutions?. As I think about the impending new year, it occurs to me that all of us have resolutions that we can easily make, and possibly forget as the year progresses. We all do it. We are serious about our commitments at first, and then, somehow, we fall into old patterns.
Don't They Know It's Christmas?. The damage wrought by Typhoon Bopha has been immense. Families here have been left dazed and traumatized, trying to make sense of it all. Tens of thousands are still sheltering in temporary evacuation centers.
Black on Black. 2. Our communities must stop ignoring and denying the signs of mental illness and addressing that problem head on. We live
The Christmas Shoes. Nothing says Merry Christmas like approving billions of dollars worth of military expenditures. Thursday the U.S. House of Representatives approved a $633.3 billion defense budget. I must say I wasn't in the mood to celebrate with them. So instead, I gave away my shoes.
Charitable Giving. Though Americans remain the world's undisputed champions of consumption, the holiday season also highlights our commitment to giving back.
Top 10 Things to Donate Before the End of the Year. In a season when many of us are focused on gift buying or a tax deduction, December is a good time to think about another kind of giving
A Way Forward After Newtown. If we wish to truly decrease senseless, unjust violence, we can begin by learning more about the suffering that people endure everyday through individual acts of violence and structural violence, and by investigating how our life choices may increase or decrease that suffering.
Anti-Gun Donations Surge After Connecticut Shooting. This year has been especially grim for mass murder, with the Aurora shooting in July and a mall shooting near Portland, Ore
How Do We Go From Fairy Tales to Grieving Tales?. We must include our children in our grief. Not only does it help them avoid the confusion of loss, but it also helps them discover their own strengths and their heart's ability to heal itself.
The Crisis in Connecticut. Sobering questions have emerged, including
Top Local International Children's Nonprofit Of The Month (VOTE!). International children\u2019s charities address a host of issues relating to the world\u2019s most vulnerable citizens. Whether it\u2019s
Healing Vets. We know so much more about helping vets now.  But that's challenged by the nature of injuries from blasts, IED's and multiple deployments.  The VA can't do it all.   We need the help of the whole society to help these warriors heal.
The Conference That Showed That Compassion Can Be Taught. You might think professionals in education, health and social care don't need to be taught about compassion. You might think compassion was what got them into their jobs. You might, in that case, have never been in a hospital, or a care home, or a school.
Are You Buying or Giving This Holiday Season?. True holiday spirit is about giving to those in need. That's not the kind of giving that drains your bank account and floods your credit cards. It's giving that comes from the heart.
Sportsmen's Foundation For Military Families Helps Wounded Veterans Heal With Free Hunting Trips. SantAngelo\u2019s program is different because he, and his wife, guide families that are trying to reconnect after long deployments
When Unprotected Sex Is No Longer Negotiable. Each of us as women, teens, and girls must reach a point where we feel empowered from within to insist on using protection every time. Empowered to speak up, to start the conversation about using condoms or other methods, whereby engaging in unprotected sex is no longer negotiable.
Ending AIDS? Not Without Ending Tuberculosis. As the world's attention has been fixated on the fight against HIV and AIDS, something ironic and perverse has happened. We have failed to invest enough resources to mount an effective fight against tuberculosis (TB), the number-one killer of people living with HIV.
A World AIDS Day in the Democratic Republic of Congo. Every December, World AIDS Day provides an important moment to pause and reflect on the progress we've made during yet another year fighting the AIDS pandemic.
A Generation Free of AIDS?. In particular, HIV/AIDS continues to have a disproportionate impact on women and children. HIV/AIDS is said to be the chief cause of death for women of reproductive age worldwide.
The Fight of My Life. For most children, a birthday or holiday is a day of hope and joy. But for many children you probably do not know, December 1, World AIDS Day, may be the most important date on the calendar, signifying commitment and unity in the fight against the HIV/AIDS pandemic.
World AIDS Day. The progress made since those early days in Lesotho -- both here and around the world -- is worth celebrating on this 25th World AIDS Day. This day is a time of hope for the HIV community.
A World Free of HIV and TB?. Any truly effective response against either disease will have to be comprehensive
Painting the Town Belvedere (RED). We have reached a pivotal point in the fight against HIV/AIDS and this weekend, Belvedere will join (RED)'s many supporters to celebrate World AIDS Day.
Providing a Future for Women of Kibera. Care for Kenya's new women's resource center will have the capacity to train and educate 180 women like Anne, each year, dramatically impacting the lives of these women and their children forever.
Information Is Power, But Is it Powerful Enough to Halt Climate Change?. In a world where almost one billion people are chronically hungry and the current and future state of food security is beset by challenges such as climate change, knowledge and information are powerful.
Honoring Caregivers in Our Lives Throughout the Holidays. I'm thanking the caregivers in my life this year -- friends and families who give countless hours to others with often no payment beyond their own knowledge that they're doing the right thing for another.
Savannah Maddison Ogden, South Florida Girl, Inspires Kids To Send 10,000 Letters To Troops In Afghanistan. \u201cI want for each soldier to hear from us back in the states often,\u201d the South Florida girl wrote. \u201cI can\u2019t imagine my parents
10 Ways To Give Back On Black Friday. Peruse our list of 10 charities below that cater to some of the most vulnerable populations, including veterans and kids
Giving Back for Literacy and a Better World. As I think of today's global challenges of illiteracy, it is clear that the difference between the poor and the prosperous lies in the power of words.
From Kara2Mijael. \No matter how bad you think you have it, there is always someone else who has it much worse than you. It makes you feel good when you buy something for yourself, but the best feeling in the word is when you help change someone else's life. It makes your heart feel good.\
BlockFriday -- A Collective, Positive Response to Black Friday!. We never fully understood Black Friday. People travel across the country to spend Thanksgiving with the people they love. And then the next day, they get up at 6 a.m. to find the best deal and go on autopilot. Isn't there so much else we can do on this day, surrounded by our families?
'Sandy Friday' Urges Businesses To Pledge 10% Of Black Friday Profits. \Sandy Friday\u2019s\ co-founders, Alia Kate and Lei Zhao, describe themselves as \u201cnormal people with day jobs who saw a need
A Time to Give Thanks. This holiday season, the first question we should ask ourselves is, \how can I help?\ It's not \What's in it for me?\ and it's not about the rewards and recognition we might receive for doing good.
Charitable Giving Is Part of the American Spirit. Like a lot of groups that work in global development, CARE's understanding of poverty around the world has evolved since the days when they were shipping CARE packages to families like mine.
Living Thankfully. Dig deep the next couple of weeks and finish this year doing things that aren't so frenzied and frustrating but are life changing. Think hard about what really matters and make someone else's holiday season merry and bright!
Heroes of Hurricane Sandy--And How You Can Help. Photos courtesy of Alison Thompson 3) Team Rubicon and US Vets When Hurricane Sandy hit the east coast, Team Rubicon was
GWEN Network. The exciting new iPhone app is designed to send text alerts and uses a GPS tracker, lending emergency support to those still suffering from abuse.
The Beginning of the End. With the help of these women and my amazing collaborators at N\u00e4kturnal, I found my SELF. It's a constant growth process, but I feel closer than ever to making sense of it all.
How -- and Why -- Cooking Matters. Stacy is a hard-working mom, student and Army wife whom our Cooking Matters team met in Colorado earlier this year. Her family's budget is tight, and putting healthy, affordable meals on the dinner table each night felt like an impossible task.
World Prematurity Day. Unfortunately, premature birth is all too common
Veterans for Hire. Hiring is only half of this battle. Making veterans feel included and supported once they join the civilian workforce is ultimately essential to their success, so we're now growing our veterans inclusion efforts.
Diane Nash's Call for Nonviolent Action. Like a wise professor, Diane Nash walked us through the methodology of nonviolence/agapaic energy, and urged us to use this power to change our country and the world.
That Smell. Some people don't ask me to explain why certain odors elicit such a visceral emotion.  Perhaps they are unsure or even afraid of what I might say next.  But for those who want to hear what I experienced in combat, I will always continue.  It's a story I want to tell.
Best Way to Honor America's Veterans. The single best way for national leaders to genuinely honor the sacrifices of veterans and their families on November 11, 2012 is to step up and end the cycle of mental health crises that have plagued American society since 1919.
Coming Together to Tackle Unemployment Among Veterans. If you have no veterans with disabilities working for you then that's a problem -- but it's a problem we can solve together. We need you to reach out to us.
Giving Back to Veterans. When you see that the suicide rate has increased 150 percent among veterans since 2001, you know that something is desperately wrong with how the country is handling the needs of veterans.
Coming Home. Actions, of course, speak much louder than mere sentiments of gratitude.  And on that score, we have yet to face the true test.  As the Iraq and Afghanistan wars come to a close, we will welcome back whole divisions of military men and women.
Veterans for Hire. Hiring is only half of this battle. Making veterans feel included and supported once they join the civilian workforce is ultimately essential to their success, so we're now growing our veterans inclusion efforts.
Never Call Them Heroes. In all my years as an enlisted Marine and an Army chaplain, I never once heard a combat veteran call another service member a hero, unless it was a joke. Heroes are superheroes and as such, they do not experience war and death as a human being. Heroes do not bleed, grieve, or feel alone.
Help a World War II Veteran's Diary Come Home. It has become an honor every year around Veterans Day for me to write about our veterans, our heroes -- still alive or resting in peace. This year, in a way, it is no different.  It is about a World War II veteran, a hero, and it is about duty, honor, country.
Abraham Lincoln's Words of Wisdom. Try whining to Mr. Lincoln about the ideological war between red and blue states. He might point out that the war between the Blue and the Gray involved real bullets and real blood, as well as a moral chasm.
World War II Veteran, 91, Has Voted In Every Election Since Roosevelt. For the 18th time in his life, Bill Lowery of Dexter Township cast his ballot for U.S. president on Tuesday. \I haven't missed
Sacrifices for Our Freedom. On this Veterans Day, as we honor the men and women who have sacrificed for our freedom, we must focus our attention on those veterans whose own freedom has been lost to incarceration due to substance abuse, mental illness, and trauma.
Make Every Day Veteran's Day. As on many Veterans Days in years past, this year we find our nation at war. The war in Afghanistan -- the longest conflict in our history -- sharply reminds us at the Department of Veteran's Affairs of our urgent and ongoing commitment to Servicemembers and Veterans.
For Business Executives. By role modeling and encouraging their executives and professionals to serve on nonprofit boards, corporate leaders can help to advance democracy.
Reflections on Veterans Day... From a Vietnam Vet Who Went to War on November 11. I first became a soldier in a war zone on Veterans Day in 1970. My father, a World War II vet like all the other dads in our working-class, Philadelphia neighborhood, was helpless to save me.
Heroes on the Homefront. It is vital that we focus on helping veterans find jobs and work with employers to identify qualified candidates so they can continue to fully contribute at home as they did during their military service.
How We Can Bring About Change. The current financial crisis makes it very clear that our current financial system is not sustainable. This is the opportune time to re-imagine and re-design it using a new set of objectives.
When Tweets Attack! Justin Bieber Fans Wage an All Out Assault on an Innocent and Unsuspecting Charity. Who would launch a hate campaign against an organization that provides clean safe drinking water to impoverished people in places like Swaziland? What's to hate and who would hate it?
Yoga. \Now I might chant a little but I still try to make yoga as relatable as possible to the military culture, so I try to quickly emphasize breath, muscles, and mind
Haiti Should File for Divorce From \US\. Epicenter of the outbreak outside the UN compound Photo
Kids Are Asking Candidates Tough Questions. Elections are about so much more than just the act of voting, and there are many ways for young people to be engaged in elections that don't involve casting a ballot.
Open Letter to the Ethiopian Adoption Community. Many adoptive mothers of Ethiopian-born children \chat\ in private online venues and express strong desires to see heads of adoption agencies imprisoned. Mothers continue to feel angry and saddened every time a new story further illustrates what sometimes transpires to get a child out of Africa.
What Climate-Driven Hurricane Sandy Teaches Us About Cooperation. Perhaps Sandy will tip the balance toward a vision that is, at its essence, patriotic -- built on our love for our country, and all the regions and people that make it up.
Poll. Americans care about these issues and they are not afraid to act. But will our leaders listen? Cross posted at Oxfam America's
Help Improve Survival From the Nation's Leading Cause of Death -- Learn CPR and How to Use an AED. Why is bystander intervention so important? Sudden cardiac arrest victims need to receive CPR and defibrillation within a few minutes of collapse to maximize the chances for neurologically intact survival.
Make A Difference Day 2012. Are you volunteering today? Let us know in the comments below. Nationwide, organizations and volunteers are taking part with
LA Family Housing on Family Homelessness. I support the \Housing First\ model, but so often chronic homeless individuals are placed into an apartment without adequate support.
Some Livestrong Donors Want Money Back After Lance Armstrong Doping Scandal. \The whole thing is founded on a lie. The guy cheated, and he forced other people to cheat,\u201d Birdsong told CNN. \u201cI would
It's Time for Lance Armstrong's Next Tour. So Lance Armstrong is a tough cancer survivor who did what it took to be a champion. In one arena he crossed the line. But maybe where it really counts, he became a true champion -- for all cancer survivors everywhere.
Which Packs More Anti-Poverty Punch. If you set out to help eradicate poverty, what would be your weapon of choice
A Million Down, Only 890,000 to Go. At the end of May Marilynn Marchione, Chief Medical Writer for the Associated Press wrote that the average number of ailments
Restoring Hope and Faith, One Young Child at a Time. The Center for Children in Poverty estimates that we have lost all of the gains we made over the past 50 years in child well-being. We've lost opportunity. We are facing a crisis that demands an urgent response in these politically charged and polarized times.
Modern Slavery. While slavery is no longer acceptable in the developed world, legally or socially, the sad truth is that it is still rampant -- hidden in the underbelly of society (all around the world) and woven into the supply chain of some of our goods.
Making the Case for Impact Sourcing. Microwork and impact sourcing could be the next big thing in the development world.
Beyond Enrollment. In Nigeria, where we work, we are squarely focused on getting African children into primary school and making sure that what awaits them is rewarding, competitive, and productive. Above all, we need to ensure that they stay.
5 Tips for How to Solve the World's Biggest Problems (and Maybe Make a Billion Dollars Along the Way!). It turns out, my time with Off.Grid:Electric was a final course in user-centered-design, and the lessons I learned can be applied far beyond MBA studies.
White Ribbon Alliance Reports on Keeping Promises, Measuring Results. In New York City, the Partnership for Maternal, Newborn and Child Health (PMNCH) convened a meeting to present key findings of three new publications examining progress on commitments made to improving women's and children's health.
A Different Kind of Love Story. Everywhere we walked, I saw the most drastic contrast between tough conditions and an incredible alegria -- an optimism that I had never encountered before. In each interaction I began observing an appreciation for the small pleasures in life.
10 Mobile Apps for Social Good. GiveImpact.ly is a mobile fundraising platform enabling non-profit organizations to communicate the impact of their monetary
LinkedIn Board Connect. LinkedIn Board Connect has taken online board matching to a new level for non-profit organizations.
On Your First Job, Outsmart the Experts. The stakes are so high (for ourselves, for humanity, for planetary survival) and yet most of us are struggling with when, what, how to make a difference.  We are wondering if we have what it takes.
Getting Health Workers to the Women Who Need Them. Maureen Kanyiginya is a young midwife with a gentle, confident presence. Sitting on a bench in a grassy area outside the rural health center where she works, in western Uganda, she says she loves helping mothers and delivering their babies. \I make mothers comfortable,\ she states firmly. \I'm a health worker.\
Keeping Our Promises to Women and Children. Working together through the Global Strategy, we have seen how sound planning, sufficient resources and political will, can make a significant difference in the lives of millions. But the global community can still do much better.
Teens Take On Washington, Tackle Tough Issues Through Service. Caleb has a plan to bring hope to the thousands of kids in Eastern Kentucky that go hungry when school lets out for the summer
Memo to a Dead President. September 22nd marks the 150th anniversary of President Abraham Lincoln's Emancipation Proclamation to free slaves in Confederate states during the Civil War. Slavery, however, still exists in the U.S.
Every Beat Matters. The number of children dying every year from preventable diseases in developing countries is nearly equivalent to half the children entering kindergarten in the U.S. This devastating statistic alone should be enough to make you want to do more.
Private Sector Serious About Tackling NCDs Despite Concerns of Civil Society. How well is the private sector doing in tackling the rising pandemic of non-communicable diseases (NCDs), which cause nearly two out of every three deaths in the world?
LinkedIn Board Connect. Helping nonprofit boards and qualified board candidates to find each other is vitally important. Here are my 10 recommendations to candidates in considering a nonprofit.
The Homeless Vote Matters. Every citizen of the United States is presumed to have the right to vote; however, not having a permanent address interferes with exercising that right.
Top Local Health Nonprofit Of The Month (VOTE). DIRECTIONS
The Quality of Compassion. Haiti and excellence. Those are two words we seldom associate with each other, yet as Tropical Storm Isaac gained momentum on its track over Haiti, I stood in a building that proved how excellence is taking root in this earthquake-ravaged, poverty-raked country.
IGNITEgood Millennial Impact Challenge (VIDEO). Introducing the IGNITEgood Millennial Impact Challenge, in partnership with The Huffington Post. You could win $10,000 for
The Role of the Nonprofit Board. When board members embrace their responsibility, commit to engage productively, and contribute generously, then they can accomplish great things in achieving the mission and the organization's greater potential. That's the role of the board.
My Son Reads About 9/11 in School, But He Lives 9/11 at Home. In December 2001, I gave birth to our first son. He would see his father go to Afghanistan when he was 1 year old. Then Iraq
Jennifer Curtis, U.S. Air Force Captain In Afghanistan, Earns Bronze Star After Saving Six Soldiers While Under Fire (UPDATE). UPDATE -- 9/11
World Literacy Day. In recent travels to Africa, it became clear to me that this literacy disconnect is a two-pronged problem
30 Days Of Women's Empowerment (and Free Songs Featuring Alicia Keys, Angelique Kidjo, Sheryl Crow, Lucinda Williams And More). Consider Half the Sky's \30 Days Campaign\ the official soundtrack of women's human rights
Treating Homeless People as Consumers. Broadway just may be the first homeless services organization that I know of to actually empower homeless people with social media.
Imagination as the Measure of Success. Can we Westerners imagine how Chadika residents -- free from capitalistic values and Western lifestyle perceptions -- might be closer to achieving a happier, healthier, more responsible community?
Stop Feeling Sorry For American Veterans. Judging from media accounts, I'm the rare American veteran who isn't homeless, homicidal, or suicidal. To be sure, the toll
Social Good Stars. Fabien Cousteau was born with a passion for the ocean. Here are some of his thoughts on saving the world, one fish at a time.
My Brother Didn't Make It To 60. Today would have been my brother's 60th birthday. Shariff Billy Nyad died three years ago, age 57, having lived most of his adult life on the streets of Boston. For those of you who are familiar with mental illness in your family, you will recognize this story.
Social Good Stars. Amy Neumann is a social entrepreneur, writer, speaker and consultant on social good marketing. Check out her Charity Ideas
Hurricane Irene. A year ago this weekend, Hurricane Irene plowed into the East Coast with a roar, churning up the shoreline and leaving shuttered businesses and displaced families in its wake.
The Killing Spree. Why do people hate? When does hurt turn to rage and then to violence? How can we stop intolerance and encourage love? And, finally, how can we stop the perpetrators before they act out?
On World Humanitarian Day, Let's Honor Those Who Risk Their Lives To Save People In Need. You have to try to keep yourself healthy too. At least here in Afghanistan I live in a house and can eat fresh fruit and
HIV, Renewal And Surrender. No one would have faulted Agbaje and Waheedah for surrendering to their HIV status, but instead they persevered, becoming activists in their own right.
Charity Overhead Should Be 23 Percent, But Most Spend Much More. By Patrick Sullivan, The NonProfit Times One in five Americans, about 21 percent, believe that nonprofits spend 20 to 29
Opportunities Hartford. Mayors do not have the luxury of accepting the status quo, we are often forced (by duty and psychological make-up) to take positions that often run opposite of both conventional wisdom and what's generally politically popular. Opportunities Hartford is primed to do just that, and Hartford, which undoubtedly will be all the better for it.
The Cuba Swim. This Xtreme Dream of mine, the Cuba Swim, has rendered me awake and alive and alert. And now my time has come. This is it. I will jump from those rocks at Marina Hemingway in Havana and begin this extraordinary journey.
The Olympic Hunger Summit Puts Focus on Food Security. \[Farmers] are not risk takers,\ said Julius Thuku, a participant, who like others was wary of new agricultural practices
Chad Staples, Paralyzed Army Veteran Mocked By Best Western Hotel Clerk, Wants Policy Change (VIDEO). Now the Iraq and Afghanistan war veteran is pushing for \major policy changes.\ Staff Sergeant Chad Staples took a bullet
Olympics Hunger Summit To Unite World Leaders, Athletes To Tackle Issue. \We hope this event will build on the momentum generated by President Barack Obama\u2019s increased commitment to nutrition and
Veterans For Peace Convention. With pamphlets and peace buttons, bumper stickers and self-published books, the gray-haired veterans and eager young activists
Microfinance And Mental Health. Meaningful employment forms an essential part of a person's well-being and identity. Yet there are many who are unable to access the traditional job market due to significant barriers linked to their mental health or addiction challenge.
Acceptance Is As Good As Gold. Known as \Blade Runner\ because of his J-shaped carbon-fiber prosthetics, South African sprinter and double amputee Oscar Pistorius has captured the support of fans around the world and has a loyal fan base in our catastrophically combat wounded from Iraq and Afghanistan.
The Homeless Services Executive Who Connects With Rough Sleepers Over Twitter. Although I have followed much of the social media interaction of our rough sleeping friends and Jeremy Swain, the chief executive
When Life Gives You Lemons, Make a Souffl\u00e9. The quality of one's life is not determined by the circumstances. Is life perfect? No. I still manage to hit rough patches, or as friends say, \Oh great, another f-&*king growth opportunity.\
7 Years After Katrina, New Orleans Homeless Twice Pre-Storm Level. NEW ORLEANS \u2014 There's a gigantic hole in the roof of the abandoned building where Ralph Paze lives in the Seventh Ward of
Vet Jobs July Employment Situation Report. The overall veteran unemployment rate for July is 6.9 percent, down from the June rate of 7.7 percent. The fact that the
What's Working For Us? Investing In Our Customers. We let customers reduce their commitments to us to right size their infrastructure with their changing business conditions. It was a tough decision, but it was a great investment in our customers.  It paid off for us then -- and it continues to work in today's choppy economy.
Your Wait Time Is 4,116 Minutes, Agency Hot Line Tells Vet. Neeson Levinson says the letter he received from the Department of Veteran Affairs on June 21 placed the future of his 30
DoGooder Spotlight. In 2011, Project peaceBOMB sold enough jewelry to clear the equivalent of 10,000 square meters of bomb-littered land.
International AIDS Conference 2012. She got help from the now defunct organization \Bridge Back,\ and wants other sex workers battling HIV/AIDS to have access
Farm Rescue, Iowa Nonprofit, Helps Midwestern Farmers Affected By Drought. Keith Kreps, vice president of RDO Equipment Company, told ABC, \Supporting family farming is key in maintaining the economic
Jim Stanek, Disabled Veteran Says United Airlines Staff Kicked His Service Dog, Asked If He Was 'Retarded' (VIDEO). Support Stanek through his nonprofit, Paws and Stripes, which provides service dogs for veterans with PTSD. The Daily Mail
International AIDS Conference in DC. Consider what a quarter-century more of an unending, still-deadly plague has wrought
We Can End AIDS. Ending the suffering from AIDS is possible in our lifetime. To know it's possible, one need only to see how the investment and the life-saving treatments and drugs that followed it have stalled a once booming coffin making business in Southern Africa.
Military Suicide, Emotional Anguish and Healing. We need to our veterans and their families as whole people. We must stop, look and listen (and really see and hear) them, in order to find a way out of our linear, silver-bullet, quick-fix blinders.
Yale Student Brings Jobs and Self-Esteem to Guatemalan Women. Ruth DeGolia quickly realized that \the best way to get a dollar to a kid is to put the dollar in the hands of a mom.\ And those mothers were talented weavers and sewers who just didn't have a large enough of a market to sell their handmade clothes, scarves and accessories.
Scaling Fair Trade. At NMASS, many of the women were shocked to discover that there were severely exploitive labor conditions in the United States
Who Should Win This Country's Housing Lottery?. Permanent supportive housing has become the mantra for ending homelessness in America. But if we place in these units the people most able to navigate the highly bureaucratic acceptance procedures, or we use priorities like timing, luck, economics, or politics, then this movement will do little to end homelessness.
Businesses With Impact. Let's look at companies that are contributing to what is often referred to as the \Impact Economy.\
Running a Hunger Race. No one knows when the hunger race will end. Regardless, as public crowds cheer and encourage marathon runners during a race, so should we support the Tarahumaras in whatever way possible.
Creating Savings and Investing Groups in the Inner City. Micro-saving groups are widely used in Africa to increase the wealth of the very poor. Working with Oxfam America we adapted the concept to the U.S. urban market.
Homeless Children Advocates At White House Discussion Want More Obama Help. The catch is that to receive that help, you need to qualify as \homeless.\ And while the Department of Education applies
London Family Planning Summit. Event leaders said this sum could potentially prevent the deaths of 200,000 women during pregnancy and childbirth, 110 million
A Year of Freedom Without Peace in South Sudan. Though South Sudan is 7,000 miles away from the U.S., we still share the same desire to live in peace and freedom. We both share the same dreams for our children, that they can grow up safe, go to school, and maybe someday become president.
One Last Plea to the City of Belfast. The saga of Lennox, the non-aggressive Belfast family pet sentenced to death under the U.K.'s \Dangerous Dogs Act\ based not on any misdeed but simply on his appearance as a \Pit Bull Type,\ has riveted the world.
Streetwise Opera at Royal Opera House Made Olympic History. At the Royal Opera House in London, England, homeless people were given an official platform at the celebrations of an Olympic Games for the first time in history.
Career Seekers. Every time we undertake the patriotic gesture of hand over heart calling out our pledge, it reminds us we are all called to be faithful first. Success will follow.
An \Americafest\ for All Our Country's Veterans. For 99% of Americans, this Fourth of July marks yet another annual tradition of barbecues, block parties and fireworks. It's the halfway point of a long hot summer. A day to celebrate freedom, 'Merica, and being born in the U.S.A. But for the other one percent? The war still rages on.
Learning and Development Starts at Age Zero. Every action a mother takes (or fails to take) with respect to developing her child's learning skills, directly affect the child's ability to succeed in the future.
What the Supreme Court's Decision on Obamacare Means for Homeless People. Under the ACA, all uninsured citizens with incomes under $15,000 per year will be eligible for Medicaid starting in 2014
Duh. Today's young people want to get to work and make a difference.  We just aren't giving them the opportunity to do so.
To Create Jobs, Break The ICE -- Innovate, Collaborate, Educate. To keep America strong and Americans working, opportunity must flow to everyone. Regions with lower unemployment and greater growth prospects break the ice by finding the connections between innovation, collaboration, and education -- a flow of resources to create, attract, and grow jobs.
7 Must-Haves for Nonprofits Planning to Scale. The good news is that over the three years I've been attending the conference the importance of capacity building in nonprofits
The Faces Of Mali's Worst Human Rights Crisis In 50 Years. Extreme violence in Mali has driven thousands of residents across their borders to neighbouring countries Burkina Faso and
Jerry Sandusky Not a Unique Case. Jerry Sandusky will spend the rest of his days behind bars. It has ended as it should. However, we act as if this is a unique situation. Yes, he's that big a criminal and justice has been served. But when will we tackle the pervasive epidemic of childhood sexual abuse?
Father's Day. We've all been moved by the stories of dads who have made ultimate sacrifices for their kids. But what about the everyday
Father's Day 2012. And while he spends his days providing a roof over their heads \u2013- and food on their plates \u2013- in his heart, this hero always
Making a Difference. There are 1.5 million charitable organizations in this country, so you can certainly find one that your dad cares about. Many
Young People Lead the Way on Sustainable Development. While most of the media and politicians seem to be drumbeating the imminent doom of sustainable development should Rio+20
When We Feed Children, We Feed Our Future. You can also join Feeding America, Rep. Jim McGovern (MA) and other hunger advocates on Monday, June 18 at 1:30 EDT for an
Too Old to Volunteer Abroad? Think Again!. Peace Corps volunteers 60 and older have more than doubled in the past three years. Just this month an 81-year old man completed
Tiffany Swift, Arizona Teen, Orphaned After Family's Car Hit While Waiting To Turn Into Driveway (HOW YOU CAN HELP). The SUV's driver was taken to the hospital with non-life threatening injuries and has been released, according to the news
Healthy Birth Critical to Child Survival. Caring for newborns and young children is only half the battle. It is equally important that we study what happens during pregnancy, because safer and healthier pregnancies will put every child in a better position to live a long and healthy life.
Slow Down and Smile. I most likely wouldn't be spending time thinking about accidentally killing an ant if I was in the hustle and bustle of my everyday life. I realized that this was a metaphor for something else. People do things that they simply do not mean to. People do things because they are moving too fast.
Choose Happiness. What is my foundation? When do I feel at my best and am I aligning myself with people and situations that help support me?  I knew that the \happiness GPS\ inside me was telling me to make a choice.
How A Former School Bus is Fighting Hunger in America - RAMP Drives Healthy Eating and Economic Opportunity in Rural Appalachia. More than two million rural households -- and 20.2 percent of children -- in the United States lack regular access to enough
Conversation With California's Lt. Governor Gavin Newsom at Current TV. I've heard all kinds of stories about Gavin Newsom, but to me, any mayor that leads a community by washing the feet of our homeless friends is a hero.
Social Entrepreneurship Soars as a Career Choice. Social entrepreneurs are holistic thinkers who want to dissolve the walls that have traditionally separated government, business and the nonprofit sector. They believe an integrated approach -- which is core to social entrepreneurial methodology -- has the best chance of success.
Those Who Serve Abroad Should Be Able to Find Work at Home. In our interconnected world, all of us, individuals and organizations, public and private, can no longer be fixed on \I.\ We all have to learn to play well with others and collaborate substantively in the proverbial sandbox.
Lilli Leight, 15, Wins National Book Foundation For Literacy Award For Donating Books To Homeless Kids. For her efforts, Leight was one of five recipients of the Innovations in Reading award by the National Book Foundation -- and
Remembering By Serving. Every Memorial Day growing up, we would go to the Winnetka, Ill., Village Green where there is a large monument to all the
What a Difference a Word Makes. Parents are suppose to love their children enough to die for them, not care too little about them to die on them. So how do you begin to rebuild your own life in the face of a parent taking theirs?
A Vietnam War Vet on the Sport of Dedicating His Life to Younger Vets of Newer Wars. Thousands of other Vietnam veterans have also found their purpose to help this generation's severely injured service members
Honoring the Fallen by Challenging the Living. In these tragic moments, when we have lost a friend, son, brother, father, mother, sister, daughter or fianc\u00e9, we have not lost all that they accomplished in their lives. Their legacies and examples will withstand time, as long as we continue to honor the fallen.
Memorial Day Movies. If you're trying to beat the heat this Memorial Day, there are ways to honor our troops away from the noisy parades and crowded
My Memorial Day Plans. Last year a good friend of mine told me of how she felt of me being able to go to many places in honor of my fellow veterans. I don't consider it a vacation on any level, but as a way of continuing my duty. I believe this is how many veterans of my era and previous eras feel, as well.
On This Memorial Day, a Big Thank You to Our Service Dogs. This Memorial Day, we pay tribute to those who have fought, and fallen, for their country. We also pay tribute to those still fighting. For a lucky few, their lives will be changed by the constant companion, friend, and therapist that a service dog is for a veteran returning from war.
Memorial Day 2012. That's the spirit of Memorial Day; it's the remembrance of those who didn't come back alive, and a celebration of the esprit-de-corps and how they lived their lives.God bless the United States and those who stand watch over us tonight.
The Power to Create Change. Women need to be empowered and aware of their own voice and potential to make a difference. Women are the key to economic productivity and social stability. It's time to engage!
Memorial Day. Memorialization should not be about where or how a death occurred. It should be about honoring the life offered in service to country.
Veterans Workshop. Many of these injuries are a result of improvised explosive devices (IEDs), or roadside bombs, which have caused a disproportionate
Two Ways to Give Back This Memorial Day. Both of my parents passed away in the month of May over a decade ago, making every Memorial Day particularly poignant for me. So my first suggestion is simply one of gratitude. We have so much to be thankful for in the men and women who have had the courage to serve our nation.
Memorial Day 2012. Homes for Our Troops Thanking service men and women on Memorial Day is one thing -- but honoring those who returned to civilan
Global Motherhood. It's not that I'm not delighted to be a mother.  I am.  Parenting is a significant part of my life, but it's not the sum total of my being and not something that's part of most adult relationships outside my home.
An Inconvenient Truth on Memorial Day. The inconvenient truth that won't be discussed enough this weekend is that fewer and fewer members of our armed forces are actually dying in today's wars. This Memorial Day, let's consider the courageous, wounded warriors.
G(irls) 20 Summit. Women farmers work hard to grow food for themselves and their families, and for sale. They plant and tend, fertilize and weed, harvest and process -- in short, do all it takes to produce a crop. But they don't get much in return.
Charity Impossible. Somehow, the social good charities that have an amazing ability to transform America's hurting people need help in creating brands that attract the eye of America's donors. We need the Robert Irvine of charities to help create a make-over in this changing new world.
Dear G8. As an amateur climber for 20 years, I learned that to scale daunting cliffs and ice, two core attributes are required -- courage and teamwork. You probably feel like you have been climbing your own mountain after two days of G8 talks at Camp David
Looking to 2013 and the UK Presidency of the G8. While it is too early to speculate about what the UK government will prioritize next year, and it's unlikely that it will publish any formal agenda until the end of this year, we do know that much has changed since the last UK presidency of the G8 in 2005.
TEDxStanford Opens Its Doors Today With Free Live Streaming. In just two short years, Krista Donaldson and her team at D-Rev have changed the lives of over 3,500 people in India. Donaldson is one of 21 outstanding speakers at TEDxStanford that you can watch live on LiveStreaming today.
G8 Summit 2012. SLIDESHOW
Should Microchipping Dogs Be Mandatory?. Many communities are proposing making microchipping all dogs mandatory. Besides finding your dog, there are two good reasons to make microchips mandatory.
Dear G8. The situation in Niger reflects a harsh reality for many women and newborns around the world. According to UNICEF, every minute a woman somewhere in the world dies either from childbirth or from the complications that follow.
A Human Yardstick. We believe that investments in national and economic development should use the growth of children as the best and most accurate yardstick to measure success.
Mother's Day. Find out what you can do here. Moms at Risk for Poor Maternal Health Raise awareness about the girls and women who die each
Thank You, Single Moms. It's no accident that I fell in love with a single mother. They know how to give unconditional love in a way the average people can't.
Giving Mothers a Very Special Gift. What is the greatest gift we can give a mother this Mother's Day?  There are many answers, but one is a healthy life for her and her child. This Mother's Day, let's sharpen our resolve to ensure mothers everywhere have children who are born HIV-free.
Mother's Day Heroes. On Mother\u2019s Day, we have the chance to honor our lifelong heroes \u2013- the women who brought us into this world and continue
St. Damien's. After meeting the Haitian leadership at St. Damien's and St. Luke's Hospitals, I can tell you first hand that there is a great deal to be hopeful about in Haiti.
Happy Mother's Day. It's every mother's human right to give her children health, safety and happiness, no matter where she's from. Mothers in the Congo face unimaginable hardships. But there's hope in amazing community-based organizations.
I May Not Be Their Birth Mother, But I Take Care of 51 Kids With Cancer as If They Were My Own. If you are a mother, grandmother or aunt with a healthy child, give thanks on this Mother's Day and everyday for their health. Life can change in an instant, and it is my sincere hope that you never have to stay at a Ronald McDonald House.
How Opening A Fair Trade Store Brought Global Perspective To A Small Town. The premise of my store was to provide a place where fair trade items from international artisans would be available. I wanted to provide a place where the \locals\ could come together with some of the newcomers to our small town.
This Sunday, a Gift to Mothers Around the World. It is no coincidence that the countries with the highest rates of child mortality, mostly in the Middle East, Southeast Asia, or sub-Saharan Africa, also have some of the lowest rates of contraceptive prevalence.
Four Preventable Diseases G8 Leaders Should Keep In Mind. The 2012 G8 summit offers an important moment for global leaders to signal to the rest of the world that immunization and vaccine development programs are a top priority. They should not let this opportunity pass them by.
Mothers Who Will Change the World. Mother's Day is another day where in many countries women will be responsible for finding and fetching water for their families.
Enabling Anyone, Anywhere to Help Mothers Globally With Samahope. This Mother's Day, we are offering cards on our site to fund surgeries for women in need. In honor of mothers all over the world who work hard to take care of their families each day, Samahope enables anyone to give the gift of saving a woman's life.
Finding the Love, Laughs, Tears, Beers and Joy in Caregiving. My grandmother, Nora Jo, moved in with my family when her Alzheimer's disease advanced to the point where it was dangerous for her to live alone. That's when \chaos\ of ultra-farcical proportions began.
World Leaders Must Keep Commitment to Fighting HIV Or Risk Losing Hard-Won Gains. As a doctor practicing in Africa, I have seen the AIDS pandemic unfold. I have witnessed the spread of HIV slow down as progress has been made in identifying effective prevention strategies.
When Doing Good Lands You Among The TIME 100. Living in a society where personal projection, ego-management and soft-skills account for much of one's success, I wonder to what extent will celebrity status motivate future online activists?
None of the Poor Children Matter. Joan's mom died about a year before Joan's troubles began. Her pregnancy, jail time and homelessness began after her once life-long guardian was no longer there to protect her.
Future Project. The Future Project (as described in this video) stands at the intersection of educational redesign, national service, social
'I Couldn't Just Stand By And Let Disasters Happen'. We Care Act has engaged over 20,000 people from 17 countries and helped over 14,000 kids recover from natural disasters. Through my work, I've realized that service is power.
Half of Women Still Give Birth Alone or Without Skilled Health Care in Tanzania -- But We Can Change That!. On International Day of the Midwife on May 5, our short film \What I Want Is Simple\,  is airing on national television and radio in Tanzania.
Employed Women Are The Solution. Being a woman is a great opportunity but also a responsibility, because our society is so far from being equal and united. Great changes are the result of little actions by each person. What you are waiting for?
Africa Is Calling. What Africa needs now more than anything is not Western sympathy or aid, but Western investment. And investment in all forms. Not just investment of capital, but investment of ideas, knowledge, skills and expertise.
World Wish Day 2012. Wishes that come true, parents say, create moments where the children regain their identities separate from illness, and take back enough control of their lives to force a return to normalcy for the entire family.
Why @Hope Is Needed to Get Homeless Mom @CareyFuller a Job Interview. THANK YOU Shaun King and everyone connected to Hope Mop. You are all my heroes! Since I met Carey I have been trying to help
Mobile Food Pantries Bring Fresh Produce to Neglected Communities. By taking clients at their word and allowing them to choose from an array of truly healthy foods, Arnold ushered in a new era of food banking, one that is more efficient, more nourishing, and more responsive to those it serves.
At 92, A Bandit To Hollywood But A Hero To Soldiers. MASSAPEQUA, N.Y. \u2014 One of the world\u2019s most prolific bootleggers of Hollywood DVDs loves his morning farina. He has spent
A Place in Ghana That's Nourishing Kids Back to Life. Princess Marie Louise Hospital is an 86-year-old institution that specifically treats malnourished children and what I saw on my visit with the ONE Campaign today was astonishing.
Copenhagen Consensus. The problem of hunger can be solved. The planet creates more than enough food to meet everyone\u2019s needs. But there are still
Scaling Social Enterprises. The nascent impact investing field might may suffer from an insufficient tolerance for failure as well as an underdeveloped
My Year on Food Stamps. I had worked as a newspaper reporter for more than a decade, interviewing presidential candidates and reality TV stars. I had a college degree and a retirement account. Never once had I thought I would need help with something as basic as buying food for my kid.
From Environmentalism to Regeneration. There is little about this current state of affairs that we will want to sustain. Sustainability, a state we never came close to achieving, is no longer enough. Regeneration is what is required. What is it?
Every Child Deserves A 5th Birthday. As a father of three, I see unlimited potential when I look at my children. And I am reminded that my own parents came to the United States from India so that my sister and I could have a strong education and greater opportunity in life.
Going Up. Today, focus your efforts on improving the lives of others; even if it be lending a simple smile to a stranger where otherwise there would be none. Make the world a bit brighter today, and a bit more every day after. Your life will follow suit.
Good Work in the Private Sector. U.S. education needs more private capital and the horsepower of private enterprise to make the transition to personal digital learning.  More broadly, we have an historic opportunity in this decade to extend quality secondary and tertiary education to every young person on the planet.
Senior Volunteer Honorees Make Communities Better. Ira and Barbara Smith of Acton, Mass., have been making dreams come true since 1990. When they heard about an El Salvadoran
Earth Day 2012. Find an event that allows you to give back to the planet on VolunteerMatch. Roll up your sleeves and join Earth-enthusiasts
Volunteerism. The passion of the volunteers and the generous citizens who try to make a small contribution towards the huge efforts of
Matt Damon To The Atlantic. Damon, who was being interviewed along with his Water.org co-founder, Gary White, goes on to point out that Obama should
Community and the Death of my Good Friend, Tersh Murdoch. The work of WWO is about community, and all international development work should be based on the simplest of formulas to help needy people rally within their community to hold strong and escape poverty and conflict.
Rwanda Now. \Sometimes when we want so badly to help, we just come in and try to help,\ Wendy muses. \If we come in to learn who they
Wounded Warriors Take Stage As Motivational Speakers. DALLAS, Pa. \u2013 His was an ordinary tale of a rambunctious boy, raised in a Chicago suburb, immersed in sports and the love
Over 50,000 Military Children Find Comfort In 'Battalion Buddies'. Financial contributions are also welcome, and much needed for supplies and shipping expenses. Donations can be made online
Social Enterprise Means Reaching Our Highest Potential. Reimagining work amidst a global recession might seem crazy, but as Albert Einstein famously said, the true definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.
Learning. When Grant Dollars Meet Investment Capital
Ugandan Government To Be Held Accountable For Maternal Deaths In Landmark Constitutional Petition 16. After a frustrating year of slow progress, a landmark lawsuit that seeks to hold the Ugandan government accountable for the
Will California Act to Create More Affordable Housing?. It used to be the \American Dream\ was to purchase a detached single family home down the street from Ozzie and Harriet Nelson. Today, that dream has been reduced to simply hoping your family can afford rent on a two-bedroom apartment sandwiched in a multi-storied stucco box.
Partnering to Plant Trees -- More Than Two Million of Them. Since 1998, IKEA U.S. and American Forests have been dedicated to improving the lives of the many people, our habitat and ecosystems, through the national-in-store 'Plant A Tree' program.
Kony 2012. Though it has yet to be confirmed as authentic, the Daily Mail points out that Grace Natabaalo from the African Center for
A Different Way to Spend $16 Billion on Easter. Through the modest investment of pigs, vegetable seeds and tree saplings, this family went from barely covering their daily
On Passover, Help Nourish Hungry Children of the World. As we gather at our Passover tables and consider the feast ahead of us, let us take the injunction, \All who are hungry, let them come and eat,\ to heart. Give to help the world's vulnerable children. It will make your Seder even more meaningful.
American States Receive Grants To Promote Infant Health. To improve the health and development of children, 10 states received grants to provide early childhood support and home
\Redefining Giving. According to Arrillaga-Andreessen, \A philanthropist is
Helping Students, One Teacher at a Time. In March, Adopt-A-Classroom and OfficeMax launched \Help Henryville\ to help the over 40 teachers and 700 students displaced
White Ribbon Alliance Video Blogs from the Inter-Parliamentary Union Assembly in Kampala. Nearly 650 Members of Parliament from over 120 countries are attending the 126th Inter-Parliamentary Union (IPU) Assembly in Kampala, Uganda -- and the health of women and children is high on the agenda.
What It Takes to Change the World. I have cried every day this week. Remember as I tell you this, that I'm male. And British. And from Oxford. I cried when I heard Nick Danziger. I cried when I heard Eve Ensler. I cried when I heard Annie Lennox. I've also smiled a lot.
Inventing a New Future. When one is surrounded by men and women with a \can do\ attitude, an infectious energy, and an ability to see opportunities for innovation and transformation at every turn, it is pretty hard to be gloomy about the state of the world.
Kevin McGuire, Taylor Swift's Date For Academy Of Country Music Awards, Hospitalized. Back in February, Taylor Swift had taken to her Facebook page to give McGuire a response
Doing What We Can to Help our Heroes and Their Families. Joblessness often leads to homelessness and our veterans are not immune from this frightening reality.
Notes on Slacktivism. Slacktivism is often defined as merely a feel-good measure that requires little personal effort or sacrifice on the part of an individual that has little practical impact in actually helping the involved cause. But ignore slacktivism at your own peril.
Prom Boutique Donates Dresses To Girls Who Can't Afford Them. Prom is on its way and so are truckloads of dresses for girls who can't afford gorgeous gowns for their big night. \I got
From Slactivism to Activism. Entering just our third year, the impact of Impact is instructive for how we can leverage the tools of \slactivism\ to create
Accountability & Action. USAID has made tremendous progress in the past year on C-TIP and I'm already looking forward to next year's PITF, where we can share how we've turned our policy into action, announce concrete deliverables, and make new commitments to combating this horrific crime. We hope all our partners inside and outside the government will hold us accountable.
World Tuberculosis Day -- Do We Really Need It?. Is apathy and the financial crisis what stand between us and the saving the lives of people who lack access to basic prevention and treatment?
The Old Face Of Hunger. We still have many millions -- and their numbers are growing -- who face the threat of hunger on any given day. The Old Face of Hunger, unlike the younger one, has no way out. There is no job waiting for the 87-year-old.
Why Are Military Spouses Being Left Out Of PTSD Treatment?. FRP educates the family, providing training, therapy, and support so the unit can better understand and manage PTSD, mild
St. Patrick's Day Beer. This St. Patrick's Day, when you twist open a bottle -- be it an Irish brew or not -- choose a beer that brings some good
Consumerism Trumps Education. Invisible Children, the NGO running the Kony 2012 campaign, suggests social change depends upon making a $30 purchase rather
George Takei, 'Star Trek' Actor, Thanks Donors With 'Happy Dance' (VIDEO). To reward those who gave generously, Takei (with the reluctant backing of his husband) performed his signature \happy dance
Japan Earthquake Anniversary. U.S. donors gave a total of $352.2 million to three major charities -- the Red Cross, World Vision and Save the Children
Josia Cotto, 6, NY Boy With Brain Cancer, Needs Funds To Pay For Lifesaving Treatment. \We're talking about a lot of money,\ Meliza Torres, Josia's grandmother, said while wiping back tears. \But I know we're
Kony 2012, Awareness, and THARCE-Gulu. This heightened awareness of the 26-year trail of wreckage left by Kony is a good thing. And now, more than ever before, countless people are asking how to help the victims and not only how to help catch Kony.
Facing HIV in Uganda and the United States. When you're a kid, a lot of times you feel alone. That feeling is multiplied when you grow up with HIV. But then you find someone who has been through what you've been through, and it makes you feel better.
If Brands Want Trust, They Can't Have Slaves. At the end of the day, brands want our trust. The marketplace is full of shiny objects vying for our attention and money. Money is simply the manifestation of trust. Mutual trust requires vulnerability.
Change.org, NY Council Members Pressure Village Voice To Stop Sex Trafficking On Backpage.com. To help shut down Backpage.com, sign the organization's petition. Change.org is getting help from New York council members
Illinois Tornado. Two days after a tornado devastated a small town in Illinois, only one volunteer rescue organization was allowed to bring
WATCH. Streaming video by Ustream CHAT
Inspiring a Generation of Women to Fight Neglected Tropical Diseases. It's not easy to introduce neglected tropical diseases, or NTDs, to first time audiences. The truth is they may be the most important diseases of girls and women you have never heard of.
Pajamas, Like Brown Bag Lunches, Mean Someone Cares. Laura and her young friend Maurice, shared meals at the start of their relationship, but it wasn't until an impromptu conversation about lunchtime did Laura learn the true meaning of a brown bag lunch.
Dear President Obama- Please Help Americans Rebuild Their Lives. Te-Erika www.te-erika.blogspot.com I would like to expand this initiative to other businesses and I would love your support
Malcolm X. Malcolm X's legacy is important for Muslims and non-Muslims alike -- and one that has influenced many American Muslims, including myself.
Oscars 2012. For some of the Oscar nominees, getting recognition for stellar acting performances isn\u2019t the only mark of great achievement
Kevin McGuire, Teen Cancer Patient, To Be Taylor Swift's Date To Academy Of Country Music Awards. The Academy of Country Music Awards will be held April 1 in Las Vegas. ** Taylor got back to us!!!! She is unable to attend
Competitive Volunteering Delivers Results For Communities and Companies. *** A Billion + Change was launched by the Corporation for National and Community Service and is under the honorary chairmanship
15 Uplifting Sites Focused on Positive Stories and Ideas for Good. Optimist World Daily good news headlines, inspiring stories about charities, positive corporate social responsibility activities
Ben Affleck Joins Facebook To Teach Philanthropy Lesson. Before ECI was founded, Affleck served as a correspondent for \Nightline\ , and in 2009, when ECI was established, he wrote
Matisyahu Performs 'One Day' With Boy Battling Cancer (VIDEO). When Luke Weber joined Matisyahu on stage to sing \One Day\ -- a song that calls for hope -- he brought the lyrics to life
This Presidents' Day, Let's Empower The Women And Girls Who Will Make History. We have also seen ups and downs for women's political participation. All of us were initially encouraged by the visibility
YouTube 'Next Cause' Helps Nonprofits Drive Community Engagement. YouTube has already launched a designated place for nonprofits to identify themselves, which adds a \donate\ button the videos
How Unwelcome Development in Peru Caused the Death of One Man. A recent image of the Mashco Piro in Peru. (\u00a9 D.Cortijo/www.uncontactedtribes.org) Illegal timber being seized near the Mashco
Teddy. This President's Day weekend, I would like to remember President 'Teddy' Roosevelt, and pay homage to his many legacies -- the teddy bear being one of them.
Educating Two Generations. When President Obama released his budget last week, he laid out some ideas to loosen the grip of poverty. I have one to add
Should Charities Use Shock Tactics?. Last week the animal rights campaign Peta caused a stir with an online advert that suggested you don't have to eat meat to
Nonprofit Boards. Nonprofit board service is the ultimate leadership opportunity, giving business executives with the personal and professional skills they need in this new world.
ESPN Jeremy Lin Headline. The incident came just three days after an ESPN anchor used the term \chink in the armor\ and one day after the owner of
Niger. Ask a woman when she was hungriest, she might say when she was pregnant or breastfeeding. I drove to McDonald's where I was seduced by a filet-o-fish sandwich. In contrast to what's happening in Niger, I wasn't hungry at all.
West Africa Hunger Crisis. Support CARE, which fights poverty worldwide and allows you to donate money or supplies and create an online care package
Eve Ensler Unveils \One Billion Rising\. Playwright, activist, and feminist Eve Ensler has revitalized the terrain with her announcement on February 14 of the ONE BILLION WOMEN initiative. The goal is to have one billion women and men demonstrate their demand to end global violence against women.
Breastfeeding Has Heart and Can Save Yours. Moms have a secret weapon when it comes to reducing their risk of cardiovascular disease. That weapon is breastfeeding. Studies show that moms who breastfeed can lower their risk of developing heart disease and related issues.
Nancy Zuch, Mother Of Child With Leukemia, Starts Special Preschool For Kids With Cancer. For children battling cancer, the treatment wreaks havoc not only on their bodies, but also on their social well being. One
The Strongest Generation. Starting this morning in San Diego, 26-year-old Janessa is beginning the Cycle For Security bicycle tour. In the next few
Komen Vs. Planned Parenthood Fallout Will Make Cancer Group Work Harder, Experts Say. The controversy surrounding the decision by Susan G. Komen for the Cure to withdraw grants to the Planned Parenthood Federation
Afghan Midwives Address Need For More Skilled Maternal Care. Maternal death rates in Afghanistan are down 22% since 2000 thanks to the growing popularity of midwifery training programmes
Protecting America's Charities. Americans give billions of dollars to charities each year. These donations are largely due to donors' generosity and concern
Regulating Modeling Agencies to Help Prevent Child Sex Trafficking. Given the growing number of modeling agencies that transport underage teenagers from foreign countries into the United States and the growing sex trade of underage girls in the U.S. why does this industry remain deregulated?
Homeless Vets In Phoenix Get First Multifamily Housing Complex. \Most young soldiers or Marines are married and have a young family, and so we need to address the entire family to ensure
Do-Gooder Gifts For Valentine's Day. Whether your date is a raving success or an absolute catastrophe, your heart will be warmed by what you've done for others. Here are my top picks.
On Heroes, Civic Leaders, and Social Change. Here's another example
'Week Of Action Against Poverty' Is Grass-Roots Movement With Legs. \u201cIt\u2019s about low income people trying to get their own home,\u201d People First president Russell Havill told LOTW Enterprise. \u201cThe
Super Bowl 2012. VOTE
Practice for International Kissing Day. 
Matt Birk, Baltimore Ravens Center, Named Walter Payton NFL Man of the Year. The Harvard graduate's \Ready, Set, Read!\ program, which is affiliated with the HIKE Foundation, works with about 100,000
World Cancer Day. CURE Childhood Cancer CURE has raised millions for work that focuses on improving the care, quality of life and survival
Redefining What It Means To Grow. Why only 1 way to measure growth?  If I get a 10 percent raise next year but eat less healthy food, spend less time with close and extended community, or do more self-serving work, did I really grow?
Impact Investing. There is a lot of hype about impact investing. The Schwab Foundation for Social Entrepreneurship took this week at Davos to convene important discussions about how to harness the hype and create results that are both practical and impactful.
Creating Shared Value. Most social enterprises already collaborate with large companies, but now with the trend quickly shifting from traditional corporate social responsibility (CSR) to creating shared value (CSV).
Portraits Of The Homeless. In 2008, accountant and amateur photographer Lee Jeffries was in London to run a marathon. On the day before the race, Jeffries
Brad Pitt and the Business of Making It Right (PHOTOS). It was 2007 and the 9th Ward still looked like an overgrown prairie strewn with concrete slabs. In the years since then, Make It Right NOLA has assembled a living study in sustainable architecture for returning residents.
Texana Hollis, 101-Year-Old Evicted Detroit Woman, Gets Generous Donations (How You Can Help). A local contracting company offered to install a wheelchair ramp and Cheeks has set up a fund for people to donate to Hollis
Malaria's Defeat, Africa's Future. Africa is taking command of its future by tackling an ancient plague.  If you care about peace -- and the prosperity of every woman, child and community -- you must care about malaria.
Tinker and Change the World. Tinkering -- that hands-on, garage-based tradition -- is making a comeback among average Americans, promising to change our lives for the better on several fronts.
Pregnant and Displaced. It's time we all step up our efforts to ensure that women everywhere can decide freely if and when they want to have children, that all mothers can deliver their babies safely and services are available for women who have suffered violence.
Tom Brady Helps Mentor, Tom Martinez, Find A Kidney Match. Since Brady started promoting Martinez's cause, 100 people have registered with Matching Donors and two matched with recipients
