'Queer Eye' Star Bobby Berk Gave Me A Desk Makeover -- And It Was Incredible. Can you believe?
Older Gay Men Try Out 'New Gay' Slang In This Hilarious Video. \u201cYou guys are watching too much RuPaul.\u201d
How 'RuPaul\u2019s Drag Race' Is Teaching Straight People About Queer Culture. Mainstream pop culture isn\u2019t the only thing to potentially benefit from the show\u2019s continued prominence.
Tig Notaro Tells Ellen DeGeneres About Her Sons' Passion For Trash. The comedian also \can't wait\ to play Jennifer Aniston's wife on \First Ladies.\
Stormy Daniels Thanks \u2018Wonderful Gay Dads\u2019 As West Hollywood Hands Her Keys To City. West Hollywood has also reaffirmed its commitment to being a sanctuary city, opposing the administration\u2019s enforcement of extreme immigration laws.
Can You Believe? Queer Eye Season 2 Drops Next Month. It's slated to hit Netflix on June 15th.
Gay Man Denied Marriage License By Kim Davis Loses Bid To Unseat Her. Despite support from Amy Schumer and Susan Sarandon, David Ermold won't challenge Davis this fall.
More Americans Than Ever Support Same-Sex Marriage. It seems the current administration doesn't speak for most Americans when it comes to LGBTQ rights.
GLAAD's Movie Report Finds Troubling Drop In LGBTQ Representation. 2017 had the lowest percentage of queer movie characters in five years.
Sephora Now Offers In-Store Beauty Classes For Trans, Nonbinary Community. This inclusivity is G-L-A-M-O-R-O-U-S.
Sarah Paulson Is Unapologetic About 32-Year Age Gap With Girlfriend Holland Taylor. And her justification is pretty romantic. \ud83d\udc95
Family Of Gay Man Found Critically Injured Near Amtrak Route Wants Answers. Aaron Salazar's family said authorities have been looking into the possibility of attempted suicide, but they don't believe he would take his own life.
Caitlyn Jenner. She and Mike Pence had a \great conversation,\ however.
Boy Scout Allegedly Booted From Store Because Company Won't 'Support Homos'. \u201cYour organization is not the Boy Scouts anymore,\u201d the employee reportedly said.
Bill Konigsberg Explores A New Side Of The Gay Experience In His Latest Book. The author hopes \The Music of What Happens\ will inspire readers to fall in love ... and think twice about gender roles.
'Alone In The Game' Shows Biggest Hurdles For LGBTQ Athletes Exist Off The Field. A new documentary examines the \culture of exclusion, bigotry and discrimination\ in pro sports.
French Digital Minister Comes Out As Gay To Fight Homophobia. Mounir Mahjoubi hopes his experience will inspire other LGBTQ people.
Belgian Transgender Ballet Drama Wins Big At Cannes Film Festival. \Girl\ was deemed \a stunning debut\ for its director and star.
86-Year-Old Gay Man Proves You're Never Too Old To Attend Your First Pride. Martin hopes his journey will inspire young LGBTQ people.
Transphobic Congressional Hopeful Berates Person Inside Public Restroom. A Republican running in a district that includes part of Los Angeles County documented her restroom confrontation in a shocking viral video.
Singer Ryan Amador Says 'Loverboy' Is His 'Second Coming Out'. He looked to \Call Me by Your Name\ to visually inspire the 1980s-themed video.
Methodists Surprise Gay Minister With 'World's Best Pastor' Certificates After Theft Of Diploma. Someone stole the Rev. David Meredith\u2019s ordination certificate. So his congregation plastered his office door with their own certificates of love.
'Prince & Knight' Puts A Gay-Inclusive Twist On Traditional Fairy Tales. Daniel Haack's picture book is the first release in a major GLAAD effort for kids.
Gay Conversion Therapy Survivor Recalls 8-Month Nightmare In A Powerful Video. Alex Cooper says she endured \physical pain and emotional pain\ during her ordeal.
Beirut Pride Canceled After Organizer Is Detained By Authorities. The news comes just one year after Lebanon's first pride celebration.
'Bohemian Rhapsody' Trailer Slammed For Ignoring Freddie Mercury's Sexuality. Writer-producer Bryan Fuller accused the filmmakers of \hetwashing\ their legendary subject.
Adorable Video For Kids Shows That Activism Is Literally As Easy As Pie. \It\u2019s about how you want to make change and what you to change.\
Gay 'Conversion Therapy' Is Now Illegal In Maryland. A growing number of states have adopted similar legislation to protect LGBTQ youth.
Adam Rippon Honors His Mom With Stunning 'Dancing With The Stars' Performance. The skater impressed with an emotional contemporary routine set to a familiar song.
Cardi B Responds To 'Girls' Song Controversy, Apologizes To LGBTQ Community. The rapper wrote on Twitter that she thought \the song was a good song.\
Rita Ora's 'Girls' Deemed 'Tone-Deaf, Harmful' By LGBTQ Pop Artists. The pop star's new song was called out for exploiting bisexuality.
'Come Back To Bed' Explores Intimacy After Experiencing Sexual Assault. In 2017, Robert Tennent experienced a sexual assault that led to a period of celibacy. During that time, he attended counseling to be able to introduce sex to his life again.
LGBTQ Groups Call New Oklahoma Adoption Law Discriminatory. Multiple equal rights groups are already considering legal action.
4 Men Charged With Hate Crimes In Beating Of Gay Couple. A bystander was also beaten bloody in the attack, which was caught on camera.
Trump Administration Rolls Back Protections For Transgender Prison Inmates. An inmate\u2019s sex assigned at birth will now be used to make the initial decision as to where transgender prisoners are housed.
'Pose' Character Finds Community In New York's Ball Scene. Meet Angel, played by transgender actress Indya Moore.
\u2018RuPaul\u2019s Drag Race\u2019 Queens Turn Back Time In \u2018Cher. the end result \u2014 \u201cCher
Kevin McHale. The \u201cGlee\u201d star said \u201cpeople knew\u201d he was gay before his viral Ariana Grande tweet.
Gay Teacher Suspended For Showing Photo Of 'Future Wife' Sues Texas District. Parents complained, with one saying she was promoting \u201cthe LGBTQ agenda.\u201d
School District Allegedly Made LGBTQ Student Read Bible As Punishment. The district faces a hearing to determine if the district complied with state anti-discrimination laws.
Ryan Murphy To Donate All 'Pose' Profits To Trans, Queer Groups. The writer-producer vowed to ensure the show's inclusivity extends beyond diverse casting.
Why 'Queer Eye' Star Tan France Doesn't Give Poorly-Dressed Fans Style Advice. Even if it\u2019s still \u201cdifficult\u201d for him, he doesn\u2019t show it.
Pakistan Passes Historic Transgender Rights Bill. It's \not only unprecedented in Pakistani history, but it's one of the most progressive laws in the whole world.\
Teddy Geiger Makes First Public Appearance Since Coming Out As Transgender. The singer-songwriter received much love on social media for walking the red carpet.
'Alex Strangelove' Is A Gay Teen Comedy That Doesn't Turn Away From Sex. The Netflix movie finds a teen caught between a girlfriend and a boy crush.
Jim Parsons. He also opened up about his new role in \The Boys in the Band\ on Broadway.
Here's A Look At Orlando's Interim Pulse Nightclub Memorial. A temporary monument to the victims of the 2016 mass shooting was unveiled Tuesday.
Denver Mayor's Son Caught On Tape Berating Cop As A 'Faggot'. Mayor Michael B. Hancock said his son's response during a traffic stop was \inexcusable.\
Cynthia Nixon Wants New Yorkers To 'Vote For The Homo, Not For The Cuomo'. Nixon also quipped that Cuomo should come out of the closet and admit he's a Republican.
Ontario, Canada, Just Issued Its First Non-Binary Birth Certificate. The new policy aims to \u201crecognize and respect\u201d the province\u2019s trans and non-binary community.
Lena Waithe Stuns At Met Gala As A Queer Superhero. \u201cThis is like my skin. I\u2019m proud to be in it,\u201d she said of her rainbow cape.
'The Gentleman Caller' Presents 2 Queer Icons As You've Never Seen Them Before. The new play depicts Tennessee Williams and William Inge as sexually charged (and non-white) rivals.
Jay-Z's Mom Gloria Carter. \I\u2019m a human being who has a right to love who I love,\ the rapper's mother said at the 2018 GLAAD Media Awards.
Texas Town Elects Gay Air Force Veteran Known For Wearing High Heels. \I\u2019m not going to bow down. I am who I am. Accept me or not,\u201d new mayor Bruno \Ralphy\ Lozano said.
Teen Uses 'Grey's Anatomy' For Secret Yearbook Message About Being Gay. Krysta Montoya figured out a clever way to prove people wrong with a little help from Shonda Rhimes.
Colton Haynes And Jeff Leatham Reportedly Split After 6 Months Of Marriage. Haynes posted a cryptic music video that seemed to hint at a breakup.
Trump\u2019s New \u2018Religious Liberty\u2019 Order Alarms LGBTQ Groups. Many believe the president's new \u201cfaith initiative\u201d will only \divide and discriminate.\
Queer Aussie Men Strip Down For Intimate Indie Magazine Pictorial. Elska\u2019s Perth issue reveals a laid-back, if \u201clate stage,\u201d LGBTQ community.
Northern Ireland's Gay Cake Row Is Reportedly Taking An Emotional Toll On Activist. Ashers Baking Company rejected Gareth Lee's \Support Gay Marriage\ cake order in 2014.
Ryan Murphy\u2019s History-Making 'Pose' Gets Sexy, Dizzying New Trailer. The 1980s-themed dance musical boasts a record number of LGBTQ stars.
Laverne Cox. \u201cSo often when we talk about women\u2019s health care, we leave out transgender women.\
Troye Sivan's New Single 'Bloom' Could Very Well Be About Gay Sex. Fans aren't convinced the song is truly \about flowers,\ as he's coyly claimed.
2 Texas Men Who Used Grindr To Assault, Rob Gay Men Get Jail Terms. The two were among four men who used the popular dating app in four home invasions in Texas.
Drag Queens Plan Massive Anti-Donald Trump Protest During His UK Visit. They're marching against the \appalling way the Trump administration has regarded the rights and welfare of LGBTQI communities of the U.S.\
Eliza Dushku Reveals The 16-Year Journey Required To Bring 'Mapplethorpe' To The Big Screen. The work of Robert Mapplethorpe is often celebrated (and, in some quarters, condemned) for its immediacy; working with Polaroids
Pulse Survivor To Appear At Event Touting 'Freedom From Homosexual Lifestyles'. Luis Javier Ruiz wrote of his \struggles of perversion\ on Facebook.
Oklahoma Adoption Bill That Could Discriminate Against Gay Couples Passes House. The measure now moves to the governor, who has not indicated if she will sign or veto it.
Nate Berkus Has Perfect Response To Duggar Family Member's Homophobia. Derick Dillard blasted Berkus' show for \celebrating a lifestyle so degrading to children.\
With 'Months & Miles,' Singer Ben Hazlewood Aims To Show Love 'In All Its Forms'. The Aussie star's new video is inspired by long distance heartbreak.
Lance Bass. As *NSYNC was honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, the singer opened up about his coming out experience.
Most Americans Don't Want Businesses To Discriminate Against LGBTQ People. The majority of religious groups believe that small-business owners should serve all customers, regardless of sexual orientation.
'The Voice' Contestant Makes Aussie TV History By Proposing To His Boyfriend. Nathan Brake said Sunday's audition was the \perfect opportunity\ to pop the question.
For Openly Gay Actor-Singer Nakhane, Defiance Is Key To Survival. The South African artist says he came to terms with his sexuality five years ago.
Hawaii Moves To Ban Gay Conversion Therapy For Minors. Hawaii Governor David Ige (D) is expected to sign the bill into law.
Richard Grenell Is Trump Administration's Highest Ranking Gay Official. The U.S. ambassador to Germany was confirmed Thursday.
Janelle Mon\u00e1e Coming Out As Pansexual Sends Word To Top Of Merriam-Webster's Search. Pansexual
Texas Man Who Killed Neighbor Uses 'Gay Panic' Defense And Avoids Murder Charge. James Miller was instead found guilty of criminally negligent homicide in the 2015 death of Daniel Spencer.
Janelle Mon\u00e1e Comes Out As Queer In Rolling Stone Interview. The singer-actress says she identifies with aspects of both pansexuality and bisexuality.
Lena Waithe, Greg Berlanti To Receive Prestigious LGBTQ Honors. The queer Hollywood heavyweights will receive Trevor Project awards in June.
Indiana Pizzeria That Refused To Cater Same-Sex Weddings Closes. Memories Pizza briefly shut its doors three years ago when its owners' anti-LGBTQ stand went viral.
New Studies Examine Mental Health Challenges For LGBTQ Youth. Parents can be part of the problem, too, researchers say.
Disney Unveils Rainbow Mickey Mouse Ears Just In Time For Pride. The \happiest place on Earth\ just got a little more inclusive.
Why 'Queer Eye' Star Karamo Brown Wants You To Forgive Shania Twain. \That one vote doesn\u2019t define her as a woman.\
Massachusetts Schools Prepare To Offer LGBTQ-Inclusive Lessons This Fall. Expect lectures on the Stonewall uprising, Langston Hughes and more.
'Queer Eye' Star Antoni Porowski Talks About His 'Fluid' Sexuality. \u201cI\u2019ve always considered myself a little more fluid along the spectrum,\ the food and wine specialist said.
Jillian Michaels 'Freaked Out' When Daughter Said 'Gay Was Gross'. \u201cI really wish I had handled it differently in the moment.\u201d
Activist Aims To Get UK To Allow Genderless Passports For Residents. Christie Elan-Cane may get a step closer to that goal this week.
Reggie Bullock Wants Rainbow NBA Jerseys To Bring 'LGBTQ Into Sports'. The Detroit Pistons' player has been a staunch advocate for the LGBTQ community.
Dating App Transdr Aims To Be A Tinder Alternative For Trans People. The app's descriptions of trans people still need revisions, some of our readers have pointed out.
In 'Brown Rice,' Natti Vogel Examines A Gay Man's Struggle With Self-Image. In the indie-pop singer's video, Matthew Wilkas escapes inner turmoil through drugs and casual sex.
Pennsylvania Lawmaker Slammed As 'Lying Homosexual' By Colleague. Daryl Metcalfe's war of words with fellow state Rep. Brian Sims has been ongoing for years.
Gay High School Football Player And Swimmer Boyfriend Dance Night Away At Prom. Jake Bain and Hunter Sigmund celebrate their relationship with classmates.
California Lawmakers Consider Bill That Treats Conversion Therapy Like Consumer Fraud. The bill aims to make advertising or selling conversion therapy a fraudulent business practice.
Doctor Dismisses British Man's Claims That Medication Made Him Gay. Still, he said, \It\u2019s not up to any of us to judge or belittle anyone\u2019s coming out journey.\
Teacher Says Series Of Homophobic Threats Drove Him To Quit His Job. Michael Hill feared for his safety after receiving three anonymous, hate-filled letters.
Here's A Great Way To Talk To Kids About Bodies And Gender. The latest installment of \Queer Kid Stuff\ tackles a tricky but important subject.
It\u2019s Time For Drag Kings To Detoxify Masculinity On TV. A \u201cDrag Race\u201d-style show could showcase us, and our maleness, in all of our variety. Why hasn\u2019t it arrived?
LGBTQ Advocates Hope Theresa May's 'Regret' Over Anti-Gay Laws Will Prompt Change. \u201cIt\u2019s time to listen, learn, and heal.\u201d
LGBTQ Arabs Share Stories Of The Social Stigma Of Growing Up Queer. A new campaign aims to show how queer activism survives under political, cultural and religious constraints.
Chilling Study Sums Up Link Between Religion And Suicide For Queer Youth. \u201cReligious groups who stigmatize LGBT people should be aware of the potential damage they can do.\
Theresa May Says She Regrets Britain's Legacy Of Anti-LGBTQ Laws. \They were wrong then and they are wrong now,\ she said.
Teacher Says School Reprimanded Him After His Husband Sent Flowers. A parent reportedly felt Nathan Etter used Valentine's Day \to celebrate his lifestyle choices.\
Samira Wiley Praises Ellen DeGeneres As 'Lord Of The Lesbians'. The two chatted about the cultural relevance of \The Handmaid's Tale,\ which comes back April 25.
Former Miss America Deidre Downs Gunn Marries Girlfriend In Alabama. \I feel overjoyed to have found someone to share life\u2019s adventures,\u201d she said.
Russia\u2019s Anti-Gay Policies Keeping Some Fans Away From The World Cup. The law gives a lot of U.S. fans concern, one tour operator says.
China's Version Of Twitter Reverses Gay Content Ban After Backlash. Sina Weibo's new \clean-up\ measures will no longer include LGBTQ content.
More Than 2,000 People Celebrated Pride In Mike Pence's Hometown. Columbus, Indiana's inaugural Pride event showed how love can trump hate.
DC Police Investigating Possible Hate Crime After 2 Men Beaten In Alleged Anti-Gay Attack. The victims say three men who have not been identified yelled homophobic slurs during the assault.
'Queer Eye' Star Antoni Porowski Strips To His Underwear For Hanes Campaign. \All of my avocados just ripened,\ one admirer wrote.
Trans Athlete Chris Mosier Earned A Spot On Team USA For The Fifth Time. The trans athlete continues to blaze a trail in duathlon and triathlon.
Here's Your First Look At 'Broadway Bares. And these games aren't for kids.
Prominent LGBTQ Lawyer Sets Self On Fire In 'Protest Suicide' Of Climate Change. David Buckel said he killed himself with \fossil fuel\ to show \what we are doing to ourselves.\
Anti-Queer Pastor Claims Trump Really Likes His Conservative Bible Studies. Ralph Drollinger said Trump \u201cwrites me back notes on my bible studies.\u201d
Trinidad And Tobago Moves To Decriminalize Homosexuality. The Caribbean nation is the latest to take a progressive stance on LGBTQ rights.
Britney Spears Stole The Show At The GLAAD Media Awards. The pop queen was honored for her long-standing LGBTQ support.
With 'Daughter,' Singer Ryan Cassata Has A Thing Or Two To Say About Trans Lives. The music video is inspired by Cassata's own journey toward an authentic life.
How \u2018RuPaul\u2019s Drag Race\u2019 Brings Gender Theory Out Of Academia And Onto TV. Gender performance goes well beyond the stage.
Country-Singing Drag Queen Trixie Mattel On Her Surprise Success. \Country fans are perceived to be more closed-minded than they really are.\
Andy Cohen Tells Ellen Why He Gets Kicked Off A Gay Dating App. Cohen's digital attempts to find love keep getting thwarted for an unlikely reason.
'Law & Order. And they cast a trans actor of color to depict it, too.
Here's A First Look At 'Pose,' Ryan Murphy's Inclusive, History-Making Show. The show is touted as a \game changer\ for boasting a record number of LGBTQ performers.
The Trailer For Matt Bomer's Controversial Transgender Movie Is Here. \Anything\ has taken pre-release heat over Bomer's casting.
How Calum Scott Turned His Painful Coming Out Into A Compelling Debut Album. With \Only Human,\ the \Britain's Got Talent\ veteran makes an impressive splash.
In 'LA To Vegas,' Nathan Lee Graham Brings The Sass To The Friendly Skies. The stage and screen favorite plays a snarky, gay flight attendant in the Fox comedy.
4 Miami Men Caught On Tape In Alleged Anti-Gay Attack Turn Themselves In. The suspects have been charged with aggravated battery.
Haunting Video Shows Sexual Abuse Trauma Isn't Limited By Gender. The campaign aims to deconstruct the stigma that exists around men making assault claims.
Kesha Helps A Real-Life Same-Sex Couple Marry In Her New Video. This is the singer's third time as a same-sex wedding officiant.
'Broad City' Star Abbi Jacobson Discusses Her Sexuality. The writer-actress says the people she dates \have to be funny, doing something they love.\u201d
Watch What Happens When Guy In Audience Asks Out Andy Cohen. Talk about being put on the spot.
Malaysian University's LGBTQ 'Conversion' Forum Sparks Outrage. The messaging, activists say, was that identifying as queer was \a form of sickness.\
Bob Dylan, Kesha Re-Imagine Classic Songs For LGBTQ Couples. On \Universal Love,\ singers flip pronouns and traditional gender roles.
Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Kimmel Blasted For 'Bottom' Jokes Many Deem Homophobic. \Please update your records,\ one disgruntled person wrote.
Anchorage Votes No On Anti-Transgender Bathroom Proposition. A law similar to the Alaska measure was notably repealed in North Carolina last year.
Adam Rippon Says He Received Death Threats For Being Gay Olympian. The bronze-winning skater told a radio host his haters \don't matter.\
Marc Jacobs Proposed To His Boyfriend With A Chipotle Flash Mob. Yes, really. \ud83c\udf2e\ud83c\udf2e\ud83c\udf2e
Calling Trans Kids By Their Chosen Name Lowers Risk Of Depression, Suicide. Allowing trans young people to use their preferred name at work, school, home and with friends dramatically improved mental health.
Yuhua Hamasaki From \u2018Drag Race\u2019 Both Subverts And Embraces Geisha Stereotype. \As an Asian male, I can never get a date. As a female, it is so easy,\ she says.
Nate Berkus And Jeremiah Brent Unveil First Photos Of Their Son. Oskar Michael Brent-Berkus' name has a heartfelt (and surprising) story behind it.
Adam Rippon Makes It Official With His New Finnish Boyfriend. The skater showed off new beau Jussi-Pekka Kajaala in a shirtless Instagram photo.
Adele Secretly Officiated A Same-Sex Wedding In Her Backyard. The singer revealed on Instagram that she married comedian Alan Carr and his partner in her Los Angeles home in January.
Jay-Z. \I was so happy for her that she was free.\
Laura Ingraham Once Sent A Student Reporter To Secretly Tape LGBTQ Group. At the time, she defended the move as a \freedom of the press issue, obviously.\
Perez Hilton. Dance class, it seems, is very much out of the question.
4 People Facing 100 Lashes For Alleged Gay Sex In Indonesia. The punishment \constitutes torture under human rights law,\ advocates say.
\u2018Will & Grace\u2019 Creator To Donate Gay Bunny Book To Every Grade School In Indiana. It's about to be a lot easier for kids in Mike Pence's home state to read \u201cA Day in the Life of Marlon Bundo.\u201d
The Next Census Will Ask About Same-Sex Couples. \It really normalizes our experience,\ one woman said.
Grindr Will Stop Sharing Users' HIV Status With Outside Companies After Security Flaw. An executive at the hookup app told BuzzFeed the data goes to companies that provide services to boost users' experience.
Alyson Stoner Opens Up About Falling In Love With A Woman. The \Step Up\ and \Cheaper By The Dozen\ actress writes in a new essay how she felt \an ascension\ after learning to accept herself.
Dustin Lance Black Has Great Reply After Being Told Two Men Shouldn't Raise Kids. The Oscar winner stayed calm, cool and collected.
How 'Star Trek' Made History 22 Years Ago With A Same-Sex Kiss. It was a complicated portrayal, but representative of \social stigma centered on forbidden love,\ Matt Baume says in his latest \Culture Cruise\ video.
Here's A Great Way To Talk To Kids About Body Positivity. \It\u2019s all about loving yourself just the way you are.\
Alan Cumming. The outspoken actor says the \biggest\ thing queer people can teach straight people is how to have sex outside of marriage.
A Gay Take On 'The Golden Girls' Has Been Picked Up For Development. \Silver Foxes\ will follow a new fabulous foursome in Palm Springs.
Washington Becomes Latest State To Ban Gay 'Conversion Therapy'. The new law protects anyone under 18 from the discredited practice.
'Love, Simon' Star Keiynan Lonsdale Releases A Heartfelt Queer Anthem. \Kiss the Boy\ reflects the actor-singer's life as a proud bisexual man.
Nate Berkus Welcomes A Son, Oskar Brent-Berkus, With Husband Jeremiah Brent. The \Nate & Jeremiah by Design\ hosts are on double dad duty.
Two Generations Of Queer Women Reflect On Life, Love And Feminism. For Kali and Vickie, \family\ isn't defined by race, sexuality or gender.
Teacher Suspended After Discussing Her Sexual Orientation In Class. An elementary school\u00a0teacher\u00a0has been suspended for discussing a topic related to her sexual orientation in class. Stacy
Grindr Security Flaws Puts User Privacy At Risk, Bombshell Report Claims. According to NBC, a loophole allows people to access personal information of individual users.
Amia Tyrae, Transgender Woman Of Color, Killed In Baton Rouge. The 28-year-old is the seventh known trans person killed this year.
Imagine Dragons Singer Makes Plea For LGBTQ Equality In Brazil. Dan Reynolds' rainbow flag spoke loudly in a country where queer people still face much discrimination.
'Call Me By Your Name' Screenwriter Blasts Film's Lack Of Male Nudity. James Ivory calls \bullshit\ on \CMBYN's\ modesty.
Don't Tell Jaden Smith He Can't Wear A Dress. \u201cIf I Wanna Wear A Dress, Then I Will,\ he tweeted.
Town That Initially Banned Pride Parade Celebrates LGBTQ People In A Very Big Way. It was reportedly the largest parade in Starkville, Mississippi's history.
Grindr Now Offers Reminders For Users To Get Regular HIV Tests. \u201cGetting tested regularly for STDs, including HIV is one of the most important things a guy can do for his own health, and his partner\u2019s,\ said public health advocate Dan Wohlfeiler of the news.
Newspaper Mocks Trans Couple's Wedding With 'Tran And Wife' Headline. The Sun, one of Britain's largest newspapers, made no apology for the offensive front-page display.
How This Hong Kong Heiress Became An Unexpected LGBTQ Icon. Gigi Chao's father offered a $65 million \bounty\ to any man who would win over his daughter.
Aaron Carter Says News About Being Bisexual Was 'A Little Misconstrued'. \I see myself being with a woman,\ the pop star said.
Beijing Film Festival Pulls Oscar-Winning Gay Film 'Call Me By Your Name'. \Call Me By Your Name\ had appeared on the screening list for the April fest.
With 'This Close,' Josh Feldman Puts Deaf, Gay Lives In The Spotlight. The actor and writer helps set a new milestone for intersectional representation on TV.
March For Our Lives And Gay Activism. To longtime activist Evan Wolfson, whose\u00a0Freedom to Marry\u00a0campaign won the fight for national marriage equality in 2015 after
'Queer Eye' Renewed For Season 2 On Netflix. Get ready for more of the Fab Five in 2019.
'Take My Wife' Couple Play 'Newlywed Game' As You've Never Seen It Before. Cameron Esposito and Rhea Butcher get personal and provide \copious amounts of saliva.\
Queer Eye's Karamo Brown Has A Personal Reason To Support March For Our Lives. The culture expert is a 1999 Marjory Stoneman Douglas graduate and lost an old friend in the attack.
ABC's Karl Schmid Reveals He Is HIV Positive In Moving Facebook Post. \u201cFor anyone who has ever doubted themselves because of those scary three letters and one symbol, let me tell you this, you are somebody who matters.\
Shawn Mendes Says He Almost Starred In 'Love, Simon'. The singer \would've loved\ to play the lead in the gay teen comedy.
In Rare LGBTQ Rights Win, Kenyan Court Rules Forced Anal Exams Illegal. The \violating\ tests have no medical merit, activists argued.
What A Queen Wants. When RuPaul announced on Thursday\u2019s \u201cRuPaul\u2019s Drag Race\u201d Season 10 premiere that a mystery queen would be returning to the
High School Student Organizes First Pride Celebration In Mike Pence\u2019s Hometown. \u201cWe are so much more than just a small town that he grew up in.\
Matt Bomer Buys Out An Entire Movie Theater For Fans To See 'Love, Simon'. \This is an important movie, and a really good one.\
Cynthia Nixon Hits Back At Christine Quinn's 'Unqualified Lesbian' Attack. The New York candidate took a moment to respond to the remark during a gubernatorial campaign event.
How 'To Wong Foo' Paved The Way For The 'Drag Race' Phenomenon. Both became pop culture legend by infiltrating the mainstream with camp and complexity.
This Belly Dancer Wears A Beard To Support LGBTQ People In Egypt. The UN Refugee Agency named Shrouk El-Attar its \Young Woman of the Year.\
Teens Who Hide Their Sexuality Have Higher Suicide Risk, Study Finds. The study is significant as suicides have been increasing across the U.S.
Cynthia Nixon Could Be New York's First Bisexual Governor, And People Are Thrilled. The \Sex and the City\ star brings years of advocacy work to the table.
John Oliver Didn't Think Pence-Trolling, Gay-Themed Book Would Be A Hit. \A Day In the Life of Marlon Bundo,\ the comedian says, paints the world in an inclusive light.
Ben Carson Said Trans People In Homeless Shelters Make Others 'Not Comfortable'. It was the latest in a long history of anti-LGBTQ remarks by the HUD secretary.
Christine Quinn Doesn't Want 'Unqualified Lesbian' Cynthia Nixon For Governor. \This is a time to move away from celebrity and toward progressive leadership,\ she said.
LGBTQ Activists Had A St. Patrick's Day Message For Mike Pence. Rainbow flags greeted the vice president at a parade in Georgia.
Irish Prime Minister And His Partner Join NYC's St. Patrick's Day Parade. It was a powerful gesture, as LGBTQ groups had been banned from the parade until 2015.
Gus Kenworthy Named Grand Marshal Of Miami Beach Gay Pride Parade. Winter Olympian gets honor for April 8 event.
For Greg Berlanti, 'Love, Simon' Is A Pinnacle In A Career Marked By LGBTQ Inclusion. The director says making queer-inclusive projects is \incredibly rewarding.\
Irish Lawmaker Proposes Ban On 'Harmful, Deceptive' Conversion Therapy. The widely discredited practice has only been completely banned in three nations so far.
RuPaul And Ellen Judge A Hilariously Extreme Lip Sync Competition. \u201cLip Sync For Your Wife\u201d involves desperate husbands, plummeting falls and harnesses.
'RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars 3' Episode 8 Recap. I\u2019m ending this season of \All Stars\ mostly on a high note.
Comedian Bashes 'SNL' For Not Casting An Openly Gay Man In Over 30 Years. James Adomian is perhaps best known for his Bernie Sanders impression.
Newspaper Scraps References To Gay Man's Husband In His Mom's Obituary. The publisher of Texas' Olton Enterprise said he did so for \ethical, religious\ reasons.
'Love, Simon' Star Keiynan Lonsdale Is 2018's Breakout Bisexual Heartthrob. The landmark comedy helped the Aussie-born star embrace his sexuality.
Sara Ramirez's 'Madam Secretary' Character Comes Out As Bisexual. Kat also identifies as \u201cpansexual, fluid, non-monosexual\u201d as well as \u201cqueer\u201d on Sunday's episode.
Anderson Cooper And Longtime Boyfriend Benjamin Maisani Split. The CNN host said he and Maisani broke up \some time ago.\
This Artist's Awesome Alter Ego Will Take You On A Journey Of Queer Gender Expression. Daniel Alexander Jones channels diva Jomama in \Black Light.\
Supreme Court's Cake Case Could Set America Back 50 Years, Activists Warn. The Masterpiece Cakeshop battle echoes a similar case from half a century ago, they say.
Parents Of 12-Year-Old Say Son Killed Himself After Being Bullied Over Sexuality. Andrew Leach had told classmates he thought he was bisexual, his father said.
First Openly Bisexual Governor Kate Brown Sounds Off On Equality Under Trump. \It's the malest, straightest, whitest organization that I\u2019ve been a part of,\u201d she said of her time as a member of the National Governors Association.
Ellen DeGeneres And Sean Hayes Have A 'Battle Of The Gays'. The two stars exchanged (friendly) jabs over their respective LGBTQ legacies.
The Internet Is Hailing Harry Styles' New Song As A 'Bisexual Anthem'. Many are interpreting \Medicine\ as a cheeky nod to the star's sexuality, even if they can't agree on what the lyrics actually say.
Activists Blast Trump's Secretary Of State Pick For Anti-LGBTQ Record. Mike Pompeo has long opposed same-sex marriage and other queer rights issues.
Ellen DeGeneres Reveals That A Girlfriend\u2019s Tragic Death Inadvertently Started Her Career. And it all began with the thought
Jesse Tyler Ferguson Came Out After Getting Caught Stealing Gay Porn. Though the experience was \traumatizing,\ the \Modern Family\ star's journey is beautiful.
'Moonlight' Director Shares The Oscars Speech He Never Got To Give. For Barry Jenkins, it's better late than never.
Here\u2019s A Great Way To Talk To Kids About Safety In Schools. \u201cIt\u2019s OK to feel scared. Your grown-ups and teachers are scared, too.\
Broadway's Donell James Foreman Pays Tribute To Whitney Houston, Prince. The \Book of Mormon\ actor promises a diva-licious pop set at his solo concert.
Adam Rippon. The Olympic bronze medalist said if he was invited to the White House, he wouldn't go.
Pastor Fired From Methodist Church For Marrying Lesbian Couple. \u201cThe pain doled out by The United Methodist Church must stop,\u201d the fired pastor says of the large religious denomination.
Vietnamese Singer Wins International Transgender Beauty Pageant. \We all want a good life where we are treated like everyone else and not discriminated against,\u201d the winner says.
Students Rally To Defend Gay Athlete As Westboro Baptist Church Plans To Picket School. Classmates plan to surround Jake Bain with \unity, care and courage\u201d Monday.
Caitlyn Jenner. \It's going to be hard to change,\ the former Olympian said.
Adam Rippon Finally Meets Sally Field's Son After Matchmaking Attempt. \Thanks, mom,\ Sam Greisman captioned the photo of them attending a gala.
Adam Rippon Responds To Being Called America's First 'Respected Faggot'. \I\u2019ve kind of discovered what I perceive as masculine and what I perceive as feminine,\ he said.
\u2018RuPaul\u2019s Drag Race All Stars 3\u2019 Episode 7 Recap. In the spirit of complete honesty, I have to admit I don\u2019t really know how best to write about \Drag Race\ this week.
This Dance Subculture Is Thriving Among Black Gay Men In The South. The world of \bucking\ is explored in a new doc, \When The Beat Drops.\
More U.S. Schools Are Offering Safe Spaces For LGBTQ Youth. A study finds that school-based practices for LGBTQ students has surged in the past 8 years.
Celebrities Call To 'Boycott Bermuda' For Repeal Of Marriage Equality. \I guess I'm canceling my trip,\ Ellen DeGeneres wrote.
NFL Prospect Derrius Guice Says Team Asked Him If He Was Gay. The former LSU running back said he was also asked if his mother \sells herself.\
New Hampshire House Votes To Protect Transgender People From Discrimination. Lawmakers voted to prohibit discrimination based on gender identity, marking another major win for transgender rights this week.
'RuPaul's Drag Race' Reveals Guest Judges, Stars For Season 10. \We really love kind people who are not trying to make a joke of what it is we\u2019re doing.\u201d
How Sara Ramirez Came To Own Her Truth As A Queer, Bisexual Woman. The \Grey's Anatomy\ star didn't get quite the response she'd anticipated.
Mississippi Town Approves Pride Parade After Fierce Backlash. \In this country, we do not restrict a person\u2019s ability to speak based on whether or not we agree with what they have to say.\
Kentucky Governor Calls Kim Davis An Inspiration 'To The Children Of America'. Republican Matt Bevin applauds the anti-gay clerk's \u201cboldness, conviction\u201d in a video.
Idaho Transgender Community Celebrates Victory In Birth Certificate Ruling. A federal judge in Boise ruled this week that barring transgender people from changing the assigned gender in their birth certificates is unconstitutional.
Sam Smith Met Julie Andrews And It Was Practically Perfect In Every Way. Meeting the \Mary Poppins\ and \Sound of Music\ icon was \a dream come true,\ he gushed.
Sarah McBride Reflects On Being One Of America's Most Visible Trans People. McBride's memoir, Tomorrow Will Be Different, hit stores on Tuesday.
Ricky Martin Is 'Flattered' By Gus Kenworthy's Social Media Flirting. A connection will \definitely\ happen, Martin said.
'Coco' Producer Says A Queer Pixar Protagonist Would Be 'A Dream'. The film's success will encourage diversity \in every realm,\ she said.
There's A Petition Calling For The First Transgender Barbie \u2014 And It's Inspired By Laverne Cox. It wouldn\u2019t be the first major milestone for Cox.
Australia Reveals First Gay Marriage Ended In Heartbreak. The couple was granted exceptional circumstances to become Australia\u2019s first married same-sex couple following the passage of the marriage equality laws on Dec. 9.
Adam Rippon Is Changing His Tune On Mike Pence Meeting. \You don\u2019t get to make any sort of change if you don\u2019t try to at least reach across and have the opportunity to speak.\
The Groundbreaking Queer Comedy Series 'Take My Wife' Is Back. The creators are \stoked as hell\ that their show has a new home.
Here's Your First Look At Nancy Pelosi Guest-Starring On 'RuPaul's Drag Race'. Can you believe?
Adam Rippon Says His Bondage Harness At Oscars Made Him Feel 'Cool AF'. The Team USA Winter Olympics star isn't looking for the judges' approval.
\u2018The Voice\u2019 Blind Auditions Make History With First Trans Contestant. Austin Giorgio, 21
'Call Me By Your Name' Director Reveals Details On Film's Sequel. Luca Guadagnino promised \a new movie, a different tone\ and another locale.
The Best LGBTQ Oscar Moments Of 2018. It was a historic night for queer visibility.
The Dazzling Color, Glitter And Floats From Sydney's Gay And Lesbian Mardi Gras. More than 300,000 people lined Sydney's streets to watch the annual LGBTQ celebration.
Chile's 'A Fantastic Woman' Just Made Transgender Oscars History. Activists praised the win as an  \important and overdue moment.\
Italian Cardinal Sends List Of Purportedly Gay Catholic Clergy To Vatican. A male escort's list reportedly contains texts and photos from Italian priests and seminarians.
RuPaul Comes Under Fire For Comments About Openly Trans Contestants On 'Drag Race'. Former competitors on the show have added their voices to the fray.
Washington State Moves To Ban Gay Conversion Therapy. A bill outlawing the practice is headed to the state's governor for his signature.
Mike Huckabee Resigns From Country Music Board After Criticism Of His Anti-LGBTQ Views. Nashville honchos blasted Huckabee as a \shameful choice.\
Troye Sivan Would've Loved To Play Elio In 'Call Me By Your Name'. But he admits the role \100 percent was made for Timoth\u00e9e Chalamet.\u201d
Coaches Suspended After Participating In LGBTQ Pride Game. Gay basketball coach Anthony Nicodemo hosted the New York event to build LGBTQ inclusion.
\u2018RuPaul\u2019s Drag Race All Stars 3\u2019 Episode 6 Recap. The lip sync is a fantastic one, with all the theatrics and belting to Deborah Cox\u2019s \u201cNobody\u2019s Supposed to Be Here.\u201d Even
Kenya Awaits Ruling In Landmark Case To Legalize Gay Sex. At present, persecution of LGBTQ people in the country is rife.
Report. For the most part, networks discussed isolated incidents, failing to link them to a growing threat of anti-LGBTQ violence.
Donald Trump. The president seemed to forget an armed, off-duty officer was there.
Texas Transgender Wrestler Mack Beggs Wins Second Straight Title, Draws Mixed Reactions. A transgender male wrestler won his second-straight Texas girls\u2019 6A 110-pound division title on Sunday. Mack Beggs, who is
Christina Aguilera To Guest Judge On 'RuPaul's Drag Race' Season Premiere. Season X(tina)!
Over 50% Of LGBTQ Youths Struggle With Eating Disorders, Survey Finds. The groundbreaking survey also looked at the link to suicidal thoughts.
Adam Rippon Tells Ellen Why He's Excited To Be An LGBTQ Role Model. The Olympian also revealed his new celeb crush, and it's not who you think it is.
Gender Confirmation Surgeries Are Rising, And So Is Insurance Coverage. There was nearly a fourfold increase from 2000 to 2014, a Johns Hopkins Medicine study found.
Gus Kenworthy Calls Out Unchecked Homophobia On YouTube After Olympics. \I'm confident enough to brush it off but a younger me would have had a harder time.\
In 'This Close,' Two Pals Navigate Heartbreak, Sexuality... And Deafness. Directed by Andrew Ahn, the Sundance Now series is a first for deaf artists.
Hollywood Stars, Producers Call For Georgia Boycott If Anti-LGBTQ Law Passes. The bill could allow adoption agencies to reject same-sex couples.
First Openly Transgender Recruit Joins U.S. Military In Wake Of Trump's Ban. President Trump is still reportedly debating his 2017 plan to ban transgender military personnel.
Kylie Minogue Will Headline NYC's Pride Island In June. The Aussie diva joins a star-studded lineup at the two-day LGBTQ music festival.
Why These Were The Gayest Winter Olympics In History. Adam Rippon along with Gus Kenworthy got the lion\u2019s share of media coverage of LGBTQ Olympians.
Civil Rights Act Protects LGBTQ Workers, Federal Court Rules. The ruling went against a court brief filed by the Trump administration last year.
New Series Takes Hilarious And Unapologetic Look At Open Marriage. \Michael and Michael Are Gay\ examines what queer commitment means in the 21st century.
Activists Blast Australia's New Deputy Prime Minister For Past Anti-LGBTQ Remarks. In a 1993 article, Michael McCormack linked the HIV/AIDS crisis to the \sordid behavior\ of \homosexuals.\
Here's A Lovely Way To Talk To Kids About What It Means To Come Out. \If I\u2019m not being authentic and sharing myself fully, how can I expect [others] to do that in their lives?\
Catholic School Forces Queer Coach To Resign After Diocese Learns Of Marriage Plans. Kristen Nelson was a softball coach at West Catholic High in Grand Rapids, Michigan, for five seasons.
'Andi Mack' Star Honored To Play Disney Channel's First Openly Gay Character. \I knew that I wanted to do it justice,\ Joshua Rush says.
The Loss Of A Queer Legend. He shared so much with friends and the public at large, and his presence will be missed by those who didn't even know they knew him.
Why Queers Love The World Of Disney. I promise we aren\u2019t all just duped by capitalism, nor are we clueless victims of childhood nostalgia.
Out LGBTQ Athletes Have Won Seven Medals At 2018 Olympics. The 15-member team has two golds.
\u2018RuPaul\u2019s Drag Race All Stars 3\u2019 Episode 5 Recap. Pop art takes over the \u201cRuPaul\u2019s Drag Race All Stars\u2033\u00a0Season 3 workroom this week, as RuPaul and her top six All Stars pay
Meet The 14 Queens Competing On Season 10 Of 'RuPaul's Drag Race'. It's shaping up to be the show's biggest season ever.
Bermuda's Same-Sex Marriage Reversal Sparks Fears Others Will Follow. \There is just a feeling that people are against you,\ one person said.
Nashville Rock Band's Video Is A Powerful Celebration Of Same-Sex Love. With \Kiss Like a Woman,\ MONA wants fans to find \joy in being themselves.\
Orlando Foundation Releases Preview Art Of Interim Pulse Memorial. Construction on a temporary memorial for the victims of the 2016 mass shooting at Pulse nightclub will begin next week.
New York To Investigate Insurance Bias Against Gay Men After Bombshell News Report. The New York Times spoke to gay men who said they were denied insurance coverage for taking PrEP, an HIV prevention drug.
Meet The 'Defiantly Different' 10-Year-Old Set To Steal The Show At NYC Pride. Desmond Napoles is one of the many \creative thinkers\ to be celebrated in June.
Mississippi Town Rejects 'Historic' LGBTQ Pride Parade Despite Local Support. \u201cThis isn\u2019t the last they will hear from us,\ said an organizer with Starkville Pride.
This Artist Is Tackling 'Toxic, Fragile' Masculinity In A Colorful Way. Paul Richmond's \The Naked Eye\ series is a subversive take on gender norms.
Lawyer Heads To Court To Challenge Bermuda's Same-Sex Marriage Reversal. The island's Domestic Partnership Act, he says, is unconstitutional.
'Every Day' Author David Levithan Explains Film's 'Extremely Queer' Spirit. The teen drama raises questions about gender, sexuality and self-identity.
Gus Kenworthy Shuts Down Homophobic Twitter Troll In Olympic Medal-Worthy Style. Expertly done.
Russell Tovey Announces His Engagement To Boyfriend Steve Brockman. The \Quantico\ and \Looking\ star is said to be \very, very happy.\
Gay Olympian Feels Bad Adam Rippon Is Dealing With Anti-LGBTQ Politics. Canada's Eric Radford has received support from Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and others.
Daniela Vega To Be The Oscar's First Openly Transgender Presenter. And the winner is ... all of us!
Gus Kenworthy Kissed His Boyfriend On TV And Melted All The Ice At The Olympics. \I just saw Gus Kenworthy kiss his boyfriend on TV at the Olympics and I'm so happy.\
Sally Field Is Playing Matchmaker Between Adam Rippon And Her Son. The Academy Award-winning actress urged her son to \find a way\ after he dished on his Olympic crush.
Advertisers Drop Daily Mail After Homophobic Column About Tom Daley Baby News. Writer Richard Littlejohn called the Olympic diver's announcement a \publicity stunt.\
Lush Puts Trans Rights Movement In The Spotlight With New Campaign. The company wants patrons to embrace their \inner truth\ in a colorful way.
'RuPaul's Drag Race' Season 10 Premiere Date Announced. Are you ready for two hours of \Drag Race\ every single week?
Here's What 'The Golden Girls' Taught Us About LGBTQ Equality. America could take a few cues from Dorothy, Blanche, Sophia and Rose.
Oh Look, Another One Of Trump's Court Picks Is Really Anti-Gay. Gordon Giampietro said in 2015 that marriage equality is \u201can assault on nature\ and \against God\u2019s plan.\
\u2018RuPaul\u2019s Drag Race All Stars 3\u2019 Episode 4 Recap. I am honestly blown back by how poorly Trixie is faring this season.
Gus Kenworthy Has 'No Patience' For Trump, Pence And Other Anti-LGBTQ Lawmakers. He does, however, want to be \a beacon of light for young kids in sports.\
Adam Rippon Is Allowing America To Love A (Really) Gay Athlete. This American athlete is becoming an American hero with his personality and performance.
Trans Man Documents His Gender Affirmation Journey In Powerful Video. The EuroPride 2018 ad aims to raise awareness of the lack of trans protections globally.
What If Bebe Zahara Benet Really Is The \u2018RuPaul\u2019s Drag Race All Stars 3\u2019 Mole?. by Kevin O\u2019Keeffe By now, even casual \u201cRuPaul\u2019s Drag Race\u201d fans have likely heard the hottest \u201cAll Stars\u201d season three theory
Queer Students Celebrate Valentine's Day By Sharing First Kiss Stories. \That first kiss really solidified that I was gay, and it made me comfortable with that label.\
As A Gay Olympian, Gus Kenworthy Feels He Has A Lot To Prove. The freeskier looks back on his history-making journey in heartfelt video.
Transgender Pastor Is Welcomed Into Church With A New Name. \Jesus, again and again, uses people on the outskirts of society to proclaim the message of God\u2019s compassion,\ he said.
Britney Spears To Receive Prestigious Honor For Her LGBTQ Community Support. The pop icon will be given GLAAD's 2018 Vanguard Award.
School Kicks Trans Athlete Off Boys Basketball Team For Using The Bathroom. Principal tries to force star boys football and basketball player to compete against girls.
Adam Rippon Talks Eating Disorders, Life As A Starving Figure Skater. He told The New York Times he subsisted on slices of grain bread with I Can't Believe It's Not Butter.
Elementary School Principal Praised After Coming Out As Transgender. In a heartfelt letter, Shannon Daniels opens up about her journey to authenticity.
\u2018RuPaul\u2019s Drag Race All Stars 3\u2019 Episode 3 Recap. Good riddance to bad attitude.
For The Modeling Industry, The Future Is Transgender. The industry has changed.
Malaysian Newspaper Slammed For 'How To Spot A Gay' List. The article underscores the country's rigid stance on LGBTQ rights.
The Deep, Dark World Of Fake Porn. In the fight against other forms of revenge porn, legislation has been slow, but strides have been made.
With No Answer On DACA, Queer Dreamer Is Terrified For The Future. \Going back would really mean just me arriving without any kind of plan,\ he said.
Indonesia's LGBTQ Community Rattled By Criminal Code Revamp Plan. Most political parties support the proposed changes, including those that outlaw gay sex.
You've Never Heard The 'Golden Girls' Theme Like This Before. Thank you for being a friend, \RuPaul's Drag Race\ veteran Alexis Michelle!
Jimmy Kimmel Perfectly Skewers Judge's Same-Sex Wedding Cake Ruling. Kimmel offers some food for thought on a controversial California case.
This Grade School Teacher Was Fired Days After Marrying Her Wife. Officials say Jocelyn Morffi's dismissal was \difficult\ but \necessary.\
Team USA's Openly Gay Athletes Aren't Backing Down From Feud With Vice President. \Eat your heart out, Pence.\
New Combo HIV Medication Approved By FDA Prompts A Lawsuit. Sales of Biktarvy are expected to be about $1 billion this year.
Singer Matt Palmer's 'Inevitably' Is The Perfect Video Valentine. The singer cozies up to YouTube star Max Emerson in his new music video.
There Have Been At Least 68 LGBTQ Winter Olympians. Here\u2019s The List.. Almost half have been male figure skaters, according to historian Tony Scupham-Bilton.
Laverne Cox. The star opens up to Katie Couric about her journey to an authentic life.
Bermuda Bans Same-Sex Marriage Less Than 1 Year After Legalizing It. LGBTQ activists are calling for people to #BoycottBermuda after a law reversing same-sex marriage was passed.
Toronto Police Find Remains Of At Least 6 People Linked To Suspected Gay Village Killer. A landscaper has been charged in the deaths of five men so far.
Walgreens Has Adopted A Transgender-Inclusive Bathroom Policy. The new directive includes all of the drugstore chain's 8,100 locations.
Gay Men In Ecuador Are Being Beaten And Raped To 'Cure' Them, Activists Say. Groups say the nation is home to unlicensed rehab clinics that believe homosexuality is a mental illness.
'Hypocrite' Mike Pence Slammed For Tweet Supporting Gay Olympic Athlete. Vice President Pence was called out for his hostility toward LGBTQ issues.
Illinois GOP Rep. Doesn't Get Why Transphobic Ad Upset People. Rep. Jeanne Ives has defended her new commercial as \edgy\ and \accurate.\
Gay Olympian Adam Rippon Reportedly Refused Meeting With Mike Pence. Rippon criticized the vice president, who will be leading the U.S. delegation to the Olympics, last month.
Here's An Amazing Way To Explain Non-Binary Identities To Kids. \What's the harm in learning a new word?\
Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui Blasts 'Toxic' Homophobia In Poignant Twitter Exchange. The singer inspired fans to open up about their own coming out experiences.
California Bakery Can Refuse To Make Cakes For Same-Sex Weddings, Judge Rules. The ruling hinged on a small, but specific, detail.
UN Rights Chief Slams Effort To Criminalize Gay Sex In Indonesia. The country has come under scrutiny in recent weeks for its treatment of LGBTQ people.
7 Years Later, Zach Wahls Reflects On That Viral Speech About His Lesbian Mothers. The 26-year-old is now running for office in Iowa.
Olympian Gus Kenworthy Calls Mike Pence A 'Bad Fit' As Delegation Leader. \The Olympics is all about inclusion,\ the freeskier said.
Katy Perry Says She'd Rewrite 'I Kissed A Girl' If It Were Released Today. \Your mind changes so much in 10 years,\ the pop star said.
After Backlash, Publix Says It Will Cover HIV Prevention Drug For Staff. The move is being praised by a number of LGBTQ advocacy groups.
Here's How LGBTQ Rights Could Impact Costa Rica's Presidential Election. Leading candidates in the crowded field are opposed to marriage equality and other queer issues.
Troye Sivan Says Playing A Conversion Therapy Survivor Was 'Intense'. The singer hits the big screen in \Boy Erased,\ alongside Nicole Kidman this fall.
A Suspected Serial Killer May Have Targeted Toronto's Gay Village For Years. The investigation by Canadian police is just beginning.
These Patriots Offensive Linemen Say They\u2019d Support A Gay Teammate. Acceptance would await someone like Ryan O\u2019Callaghan coming out today, players say.
Police Investigate Detention Of Trans Women In Indonesia's Aceh Province. The women were reportedly stripped, beaten and forced to cut their hair.
Merriam-Webster Breaks Down Use Of Singular 'Their' In Quirky Limerick. The term, the dictionary's editors note, is increasingly used by gender neutral people.
Rose McGowan Cancels Appearances After Trans Rights Confrontation. The star said she believes she was accosted by a \paid plant\ from Harvey Weinstein.
\u2018RuPaul\u2019s Drag Race All Stars 3\u2019 Episode 2 Recap. Finally someone gets how to take advantage of the Lip Sync for Your Legacy format.
This Stunning Dance Video Is A Heartfelt Plea For Queer Acceptance. It's a gorgeous interpretation of \Empire\ star Jussie Smollett's new song.
Caitlyn Jenner To Receive 'Champion of Israel' Award, Sparking Anger From Activists. Some see the U.S. group's move as problematic, given accusations of Israel using its LGBTQ rights record to \pinkwash\ its treatment of Palestinians.
Andy Cohen Auditions To Play Samantha In 'Sex And The City 3'. One of Sam's legendary hookups hit close to home for the Bravo host.
New 'Queer Eye' Guys Reveal How They'd Make Over Donald Trump. \u201cWell, maybe just a gorgeous facial hair moment to, like \u2015 hide...\
Publix Accused Of Refusing To Cover HIV Prevention Drug For Staff. Some suggest the supermarket chain denied the request on anti-LGBTQ grounds.
'Drag Race' Star To Make History As A Trans Leading Lady On Broadway. Peppermint is slated to star in the new musical \Head Over Heels\ this summer.
Trans Indonesian Women Detained, Forced To Cut Their Hair By Police. Advocates decried the \cruel, inhuman and degrading\ treatment the women received.
Trans Soldier To Attend Trump\u2019s State Of The Union With An 'Open Mind'. \The goal is for all of us to win,\ Army Staff Sgt. Patricia King said.
Gay Couple Who Ignited Russian Same-Sex Marriage Debacle Go Into Hiding. The newlyweds are said to have been receiving death threats.
Rep. Joe Kennedy To Bring Trans Soldier To Trump's State Of The Union. The congressman invited Staff Sgt. Patricia King to accompany him.
\u2018RuPaul\u2019s Drag Race All Stars 3\u2019 Episode 1 Recap. A show like this is better when unpredictable elements are present, and Morgan is maybe the most unpredictable of all.
Gay Mormon Who Became Famous For Mixed-Orientation Marriage Is Divorcing His Wife. Mormon blogger Josh Weed has apologized for how his story was \used to bully others.\
Megan Mullally Didn't Realize Ellen Was Gay When They Became Friends. The host and her girlfriends had a few laughs because of Mullally\u2019s naivet\u00e9.
Here's A Brilliant Way To Explain Gender Roles And Stereotypes To Kids. Children should feel free to \break whatever gender rules\\u00a0don't apply to them, said the star of \Queer Kid Stuff.\
Gay Couple Claims Russia Accidentally Recognized Their Marriage. The newlyweds' joy, however, is likely to be short-lived.
This Beautiful Book Of Cartoons Looks At Sports From A Gay Angle. 'The Outfield' shows the intersection of LGBTQ culture and masculinity.
Ian McKellen. The legendary actor is celebrating his 30th anniversary of coming out publicly.
Alabama GOP Told Gay Sheriff Candidate He Couldn\u2019t Run As A Republican. \I'm disappointed, but I'm not deterred,\ he said.
A Powerful Film Is Putting The Struggles Of A Genderfluid Teen Front And Center. \Freakshow\ is now playing in select theaters.
Americans Are Becoming Less Comfortable With LGBTQ People, GLAAD Report Finds. The 2018 Accelerating Acceptance report's results are \alarming,\ advocates say.
EU's Top Court Bars 'Gay Test' For Asylum Seekers. Such tests, officials said, were a \disproportionate interference\ in the lives of asylum seekers.
New Survey Finds Most Indonesians Feel 'Threatened' By LGBTQ Community. Most queer rights advocates believe their rights are not adequately protected.
Gay Couple Sues After U.S. Denies Citizenship To One Of Their Twin Boys. The boy's birth certificate lists one parent as a U.S. citizen, which should entitle him to citizenship as well, the lawsuit argues.
'CMBYN' Director Says AIDS To Be 'Very Relevant' In Film's Sequel. Luca Guadagnino has plans to expand the story into a \Before Sunrise\-like series.
Bartender At Gay Bar Gives Great Advice To Mom Whose Son Just Came Out. \I wish more people were eager to just ask questions,\ Kara Coley said. \That is how you learn!\
Indiana Church Targeted By Vandals After Hosting 'Resistance' Event. At present, authorities have few leads in the disturbing case.
Catch A Sneak Peek At 'Indecent,' A Queer-Themed Broadway Play You Can Now Stream. The Tony-winning drama examines an early-20th century scandal in New York.
Audra McDonald, Kirsten Gillibrand To Celebrate The LGBTQ Community In NYC. The women both plan to be on hand at the 2018 Human Rights Campaign gala.
Life Became Hell For This Gay Texas High School Athlete After He Was Outed. Payton Bradley loved golf, until the harassment from his teammates caused him to quit.
Another Celeb Misses The Point About Offset's 'Queer' Lyric. \[People are] just grabbing at something to be mad about,\ singer Tank said.
Rapper Ja Rule Calls 50 Cent A 'Power Bottom' In Homophobic Twitter Rant. The rival stars' long-standing feud shows no signs of slowing down.
Matt Bomer, Zachary Quinto And More Prep 'Boys In The Band' For Broadway. A star-studded cast will bring the iconic gay drama to life on its 50th anniversary.
Jay-Z And His Mother To Receive GLAAD Media Honor Following Her Coming Out. The award show will honor Jay-Z's track \Smile,\ off of his 2017 album, \4:44.\
Olympian Gus Kenworthy Sets A New Standard For Queer Inclusion In Ad Campaign. The U.S. freeskier waves a rainbow flag in a Head & Shoulders TV spot.
K-Pop's New Star Breaks Fresh Ground By Addressing His Sexuality In Debut Video. In \Neverland,\ Holland shares a sweet kiss on the beach with another man.
Laverne Cox Makes History As Cosmopolitan's First Transgender Cover Girl. Is there anything this icon can't do?
Report Shows Massive Increase In Anti-LGBTQ Violence Since Trump Took Office. It's incredibly scary to be LGBTQ in Trump's America.
Costa Rica's First Same-Sex Marriage Suffers Bureaucratic Hitch. Notaries are refusing to recognize the union until local laws are changed.
Cardi B Defends Fiance's Offensive 'Queer' Lyric But Misses The Point. It's not the job of a marginalized person to educate others about their history.
SCOTUS Cake Case Will Have Far-Reaching Social Impact For LGBTQ People, Report Shows. Advocates warn of an already large disconnect between evolving social mores on the one hand, and the persistent public discrimination faced by LGBTQ people.
Gay Former Football Player Finds Incredible Acceptance In The South. Harrison Wilkerson is now a cheerleader at NC State, which recruited him to play football.
'Heathers' Reboot Trailer Features A Genderqueer Heather Named Heath. Lick it up, baby, lick it up.
Wrestler Mike Parrow Decided To Come Out As Gay After Conversion Therapy. \u201cIt was the first time I heard people had the same feelings that I did.\
Nancy Pelosi, A New Guest Judge On 'RuPaul's Drag Race,' Says 'You Betta Werk'. And she apparently had a \fabulous\ time on the show.
'RuPaul's Drag Race' Stars Open Up About Mental Health And The Toll Of Superstardom. Fan favorite Katya sparked a much-needed dialogue after announcing a yearlong career break.
Catholic University In Kansas Cancels Art Exhibit Meant To Celebrate Queer Creativity. The university was responding to community complaints about exposing students to \sickness\ and \evil.\
Gay Couple Suing Over Wedding Pamphlets Sparks Vistaprint Investigation. The two men who\u00a0filed a lawsuit Tuesday\u00a0against Vistaprint \u2014 the popular printing company that sent the couple a boxful of
Johnny Weir Explains Why He Waited To Publicly Come Out As Gay. \I didn\u2019t imagine it as a great secret,\ the two-time Olympian wrote.
Taiwan Is Considering Third Gender Option For Passports, ID Cards. LGBTQ activists say the change would showcase the nation's diversity.
Gay Couple Sues Printing Company Over Homophobic Wedding Pamphlets. Two men who ordered programs for their September\u00a0wedding\u00a0from a popular printing company but instead received a boxful of
What Aziz Ansari, And Most Straight Men, Don't Get About Consent.. As a gay man, I have been conditioned to navigate and appreciate discussions about consent.
Gay Olympian Adam Rippon. He won't be going out of his way to meet the vice president next month.
'Queer Eye' Is Back And It's Just As Fabulous As You Remember It. Get ready for the Fab Five to restyle and revamp a new generation.
Jazz Jennings Schools Haters Who Claim Her Parents Are Child Abusers. \My story is one of happiness,\ the transgender teen says.
Openly Gay Skater Eric Radford Wins Spot On Canadian Olympic Team. Radford and pairs partner Meagan Duhamel have medal hopes.
YouTube Continues To Restrict LGBTQ Content. Fix it, Google.
Gay And Intersex Asylum Seekers Find A Place To Call Home In Britain. An estimated 6 percent of recent asylum claims made in Britain were based on sexuality.
'California Country' Singer Turns Ballad Into Heartbreaking Plea For Queer Inclusion. With \Boy Goin' Nowhere,\ Brandon Stansell recalls his coming out struggles.
'Princess Diaries' Star Heather Matarazzo Is Engaged To Writer-Comedian Heather Turman. The pair collaborated on the 2017 film \Stuck.\
YouTube's Rhodes Bros Revisit Coming Out Video 3 Years After It Became A Sensation. Aaron and Austin Rhodes say  the viral 2015 clip was life-changing.
Johnny Weir Isn't Here For Tonya Harding's Media Redemption. \I won\u2019t applaud her and I stand for Nancy,\ he tweeted.
This Otherworldly Fantasy Novel Features A Queer Black Teen As Its Protagonist. \Juniper Leaves\ tells the story of a #MagicalBlackGirl.
Why Gus Kenworthy Doesn't Mind If You Call Him The 'Gay Skier'. The 2018 Winter Games hopeful says he feels a \responsibility\ to the LGBTQ community.
Lindsay Lohan Says Past Relationships With Women Were Part Of 'Living In L.A.'. The \Mean Girls\ star told Wendy Williams, \I like men.\
To Offer LGBTQ People Better Care, Health Providers Need To Ask About Our Identities. Plus some of the biggest LGBTQ wellness stories of the week.
Andrea Gibson Is Happy To Make You Cry. The crying, Gibson says, isn\u2019t just for the the crowd.
'One Million Moms' Is Furious That Scholastic Is Selling Books About Transgender Kids. \u201cScholastic is not safe for your child,\ the conservative anti-LGBTQ group warned parents.
Olympic Figure Skater Adam Rippon. The history-making figure skater won't be visiting the White House anytime soon.
Here's An Amazing Way To Explain Gender Expression To Kids. \Gender expression is something that's really accessible for kids and something they should be encouraged to explore.\
Tim Federle Reveals Cover Of His New Book For Young Readers. \Nate Expectations\ completes Federle's queer-inclusive, theater-themed trilogy.
Latin American Human Rights Court Urges Region To Approve Same-Sex Marriage. LGBTQ rights advocates celebrated the Jan. 9 decision.
Within 1 Week, 4 Black Lesbians Were Murdered. Advocates say the December 2017 homicides highlight the increase in violence against LGBTQ communities.
New Hampshire Lets Debunked Gay Conversion Therapy Remain Legal. At least nine states and over two dozen municipalities have banned the potentially harmful treatment.
India's Gay Prince Opens His Palace To Vulnerable LGBTQ People. Prince Manvendra Singh Gohil says he'll offer rooms, a medical facility and job assistance.
Ricky Martin Says He And Jwan Yosef Have Gotten Married. The guys are still planning a \heavy party\ later this year.
British Vogue Features An Openly Trans Woman For The First Time. Activist Paris Lees is profiled in the magazine's February issue.
Gay Australian Athlete Couple Among First To Marry As Same-Sex Marriage Becomes Legal. Luke Sullivan and Craig Burns tie the knot.
Supreme Court Refuses To Hear Early Challenge To Mississippi's Anti-Queer Law. Businesses and government workers who want to deny service to LGBTQ people for religious reasons can go right ahead.
'Pose' Picks Up Where 'Paris Is Burning' Left Off. A happy ending, perhaps, for the \u201cParis is Burning\u201d set who inspired it all.
Singer Ria Mae Turns Personal Heartbreak Into A Haunting New Video. \Red Light\ finds two lovers at a personal crossroads.
India's Supreme Court Will Reconsider Its 2013 Gay Sex Ban. The law has been used to \intimidate, harass, blackmail\ queer people in the past.
Alan Cumming Will Play First Openly Gay Lead Character In A Network TV Drama. \Instinct\ has extra significance in America's political climate, he said Saturday.
Adam Rippon Will Be First Openly Gay U.S. Man To Compete In The Winter Olympics. Being selected \feels amazing,\  the figure skater said.
Kerrice Lewis, Lesbian Woman Shot And Burned Alive In Washington, D.C.. Say her name.
Gay Doctor Will Appeal Failed Adoption Of His Biological Son In Singapore. SINGAPORE (Reuters) - A gay Singaporean doctor is to appeal against a court\u2019s rejection of his bid to adopt his biological
\u2018The Penumbra\u2019 Is The Queer Audio Drama You Didn\u2019t Know You Needed. Young, fun, fantastical and, most notably, inclusive, the show is a must-listen for young queer people.
Washington State To Offer Non-Binary Option On Birth Certificates. The state will allow people to identify as \male,\ \female,\ or \X.\
Texas Man Who Used Grindr To Assault And Rob Gay Men Gets 15 Years. Nigel Garrett admitted to a string of home invasions near Dallas. Three accomplices await sentencing.
Elizabeth Gilbert Posts Touching Tribute After Partner Rayya Elias Dies. \I would tell you to rest in peace, but I know that you always found peace boring. May you rest in excitement.\
Around the World In Tinder Dates. Thanks to the social app, I've shared many more experiences than I could\u2019ve imagined with people all over the world.
Sam Smith. The singer chats with Sarah Jessica Parker about music, weight loss and romance.
Young, Gay And Living On The Street. By Carolyn Jones Throughout high school and college, Alicia slept in cars, tents, friends\u2019 couches, benches, on the bus, on
The Internet Is Living For This Photo Of Doug Jones' Gay Son 'Side-Eyeing' Mike Pence. No caption necessary for Carson Jones' expression.
Indian Prince Manvendra Singh Gohil To Open LGBTQ Center On Family's Royal Grounds. The center seeks to bring visibility to a community that still faces stigma.
These LGBTQ People Are Proving There\u2019s A Silver Lining in This Cloudy Political Climate. \We cannot sit back when there is an opportunity for us to contribute some good.\
Viral Video Claims People Can Stop Being Gay If They Pray Hard Enough. The evangelical Christian charity Anchored North is targeting teens with anti-queer messages.
2 Men Charged In Murder Of Same-Sex Couple, Children In Upstate New York. Justin C. Mann and James W. White pleaded not guilty to killing two women and two children in Troy.
How My Uncle's Military Photos Inspired My Project On Latino Masculinity. I am breaking down archaic ideas that limit and devalue the complexities of the formation of one\u2019s own identity.
Joie Lamar Talks New Creative Book Honoring Pulse Nightclub 49 (AUDIO). This week I talked with best-selling author Joie Lamar about curating the new coffee table book Cuarenta y Nueve, which is
Ellen Page And Girlfriend Emma Portner Are Married. The star gushed about her new wife in a heartfelt Instagram post.
Dave Chappelle's Jokes About Kevin Spacey Have Some Viewers Up In Arms. Spacey's alleged harassment victim \grew up to be gay anyway,\ the comedian says in his new stand-up special.
Shunned And Homeless LGBTQ Ukrainians Are Finding Shelter In Kiev. The clients of the country's only queer-focused shelter are speaking out.
Two People Detained In Egypt's Anti-Gay Crackdown Are Freed On Bail. They allegedly waved a rainbow flag at a concert in the fall.
Texas Couple Claims A Kiss Got Them Booted From Uber Driver's Car. Randall Magill and Jose Chavez believe they were targeted because they're gay.
Trans Activist Who Called Caitlyn Jenner A 'F**king Fraud' Is Running For Office. Ashlee Marie Preston has said she plans to address issues of police brutality and immigration.
Oregon Court Upholds Damages In Same-Sex Wedding Cake Case. The case \sends a strong signal\ that the state \remains open to all,\ the labor commissioner said.
Here Are 21 Celebrity Coming Out Stories That Moved Us In 2017. A heartfelt congrats to Rutina, Brandon, Gia ... and more!
'The Middle's' Brock Ciarlelli On The Power Of Treating Being Gay As 'No Big Deal'. \The writers have treated this story line just as they would have between a male and female romance, and that's important.\
Neighbors Greet Vacationing Mike Pence With 'Make America Gay Again' Banner. Welcome to Colorful Colorado!
Preserving LGBTQ Equality In The Supreme Court. We\u2019re at a scary and dangerous moment.
U.S. Military Set To Allow Recruitment Of Trans People Despite Trump's Wishes. The president attempted in July to impose a ban on transgender troops.
Musicians Were Once Afforded The 'Veil of Creative Androgyny,' Recalls Frankmusik. Today, artists are frequently urged to accept rigid gender norms that curb their craft.
For These Trans And Gender Non-Conforming Youth, Trump's Reported Word Ban Is Personal. The young activists vow not to \be erased\ in a poignant video.
Court Rejects Gay Singapore Man's Bid To Adopt Biological Son. Local LGBTQ rights advocates said they were dismayed by the decision.
Celeb Stylist Brad Goreski Marries Producer Gary Janetti At Sea. The guys took the plunge in the Caribbean.
Ryan Murphy's Inclusive, History-Making Series 'Pose' Hits FX Next Summer. The '80s-themed musical boasts a record number of trans series regulars for a scripted show.
This Marlene Dietrich Google Doodle Has A Surprise 'Drag Race' Connection. The androgynous icon's legacy shines bright on her 116th birthday.
15 Cute And Queer Etsy Shops Everyone Should Support. \ud83c\udf08\ud83c\udf08\ud83c\udf08
This Play Is A Hilarious, Poignant Conversation About Gay Life Post-Marriage Equality. \Bright Colors and Bold Patterns\ is now playing in New York.
Zach Wahls, Who Defended His 2 Moms In Viral Video, Is Running For Office. The LGBTQ rights advocate will seek a seat in the Iowa state Senate.
A Look Back At 2017's Best, Worst and Ugliest Queer Political Moments. This year, LGBTQ people faced some of their most extraordinary challenges ever. But the Queer Resistance rose up.
Lewis Hamilton Mocks Nephew For Wearing A 'Princess Dress' On Christmas. The Formula One driver has been accused of reinforcing gender stereotypes.
Anderson Cooper And Andy Cohen Met On A Set-Up Gone Wrong. \Andy violated my cardinal rule,\ the CNN host said.
Kate Clinton Talks Annual LGBTQ Year End Review And More (AUDIO). This week I talked with Kate Clinton our favorite political humorist about her annual LGBTQ year end review and chat about
America's First Transgender Suicide Hotline Is Live. The National Transgender Discrimination Survey (NTDS) completed by the National Center for Transgender Equality and the National
We Need To Talk About LGBT Representation, Apparently. Five days ago, on Dec. 17, Seventeen tweeted the following
I Want The People Who Bullied Me Growing Up To Learn From Their Behavior. I Don\u2019t Want To Destroy Their Lives.. When I came home for the holidays this year I returned to the place where I first rode a bike, learned to read and write
Aaron Carter Is Still Figuring Out His Bisexuality \u2014 And That's OK. How were we supposed to interpret his comments, and more importantly, how was he interpreting his own bisexuality?
Why Gay White Men (And White People In General) Need To Stop Joking About Race. Dear unfunny white people
'Gay Christmas' Is For Everyone Who Can\u2019t Bear The Holidays With Family This Year. Tom Goss dedicates his new song to anybody who's ever felt like an outsider.
New Study Finds 1 Out Of 4 Queer Youth Attempt Suicide. Researchers called the rates a \national public health crisis.\
On 'Coco,' 'Olaf's Frozen Adventure' And Chosen Family At The Holidays. I deeply believe that one of the most important things we can do as queer folks is to create our own families.
Uganda\u2019s Only LGBTQ Film Festival Faces Uncertain Future After Being Shut Down By Police. QueerKIFF was one of the few remaining spaces for LGBTQ people in Uganda to organize after a series of attacks on the community in recent years.
Hugh Jackman Says A Sexist Comment Almost Stopped His Dancing Feet. The actor is \so happy\ about Australia passing marriage equality, too.
LGBTQ Group Projects Words Trump Reportedly Tried To Ban From CDC Onto His Hotel. The Human Rights Campaign is also asking the government for records relating to the words, including \transgender\ and \diversity.\
Catholic Priest Receives A Standing Ovation After Coming Out As Gay. The Rev. Gregory Greiten said he \will embrace the person that God created me to be.\
Gus Kenworthy Embraces Prospect Of Making Olympics History. He's poised to become the first openly gay male athlete to compete at the Winter Games.
Gay Olympian John Fennell\u2019s 2018 Hopes Just Ended In The Worst Way. Fennell came out as gay shortly after he luged for Canada in Sochi in 2018.
Andy Cohen And Anderson Cooper Reveal Whose 'Freak Number' Is Higher. Just don't get your hopes up for a Cohen-Cooper romance anytime soon.
AIM And The Beauty Of Aimlessness. I learned there were men like me out there and plenty of them.
Two Grooms-To-Be Wanted The 'Gayest Cake Ever,' And This Is What They Got. Taste the rainbow, indeed! \ud83c\udf08
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte Says He Now Backs Same-Sex Marriage. The move may displease some in the mainly Roman Catholic country.
Designer Stefano Gabbana. The Dolce & Gabbana co-founder says he's \simply a man ... full stop.\
This Naked Calendar Celebrates Gay Men With 'Ordinary' Bodies. London's meatzine aims to ring in 2018 in a playfully provocative way.
Pastor Blasts Supreme Court\u2019s Gay Wedding Cake Case In Unhinged Rant. Greg Locke believes a controversial SCOTUS case is \fake outrage.\
Victoria Munro Talks Historic LGBTQ Alice Austen House Museum (AUDIO). This week I talked with Victoria Munro the new Executive Director of the Alice Austen House Museum located on Staten Island
Roy Moore May Be Done, But Steve Bannon Remains A Dangerous Threat To Civil Rights. His march to elect extremists and bigots continues, with Donald Trump's full support.
Here's All Of The Info You Need For 'RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars' Season 3. It's right around the corner, henny!
These Dads Traded In A London Flat For a Farmhouse In The French Alps. This is how a Frenchman and a Kiwi traded in coming home at dawn three nights a week for the quieter life of fatherhood.
The Difference Between Being 53 And 23 In A List So Exhausting I Need To Take A Nap. \Binge-watching is the new binge-drinking, and unless you mean 'Popcorn and Pixar' I don\u2019t PNP.\
LGBTQ Alabamians Played A Crucial Role In Spurring The Turnout Against Roy Moore. \We\u2019re seeing that candidates who embrace equality are candidates who get elected.\u201d
Dad Who Protested Roy Moore Says Lesbian Daughter 'Would Have Appreciated' It. Nathan Mathis says he'll continue to speak out in defense of the LGBTQ community.
How I Found Myself And My Community In The 'RuPaul's Drag Race' Subreddit. The subreddit became, for me, the community of queers, weirdos and pop-cultural savants that I\u2019d always hoped to find.
She Faced Discrimination At Her Job For Being A Lesbian. Now The Supreme Court Refuses To Hear Her Case.. Jameka Evans would spend breaks on her job as a security guard crying in the closet. After coming out at the age of 13, Evans
\u2018The Last Word\u2019 By Quentin Crisp. Get a taste of the final installment of the queer icon\u2019s autobiography.
Uganda's Only LGBTQ Film Festival Shut Down By Police. Organizers say they were \shocked\ by the move.
New Queer-Inclusive Series Aims To 'Pop Political Bubbles,' Creator Says. In \Bagdad, Florida,\ complicated love can be found in a hopeless place.
Why This Alabama Dad Is Protesting Roy Moore In Honor Of His Daughter. \I was anti-gay myself. I said bad things to my daughter myself, which I regret. But I can\u2019t take back what happened to my daughter.\
Exclusive. Bonus
London Is Burning! How Ballroom Culture Is Flourishing Abroad. \u201cI very intentionally teach ballroom history and culture before I teach ballroom technique... The history is more important,\u201d
Kid Reads LGBTQ Children's Book For The First Time -- And Her Reaction Is Priceless. To 5-year-old Lily, queer family members are so normal they're \blas\u00e9.\
Federal Court In Seattle Also Rules Against Trump's Transgender Military Ban. \u201cThe Court finds that the policy prohibiting openly transgender individuals from serving in the military is likely unconstitutional.\u201d
How To Reduce Barriers To Better LGBTQ Healthcare. And some of the other biggest LGBTQ wellness stories of the week.
Former Oklahoma City Mayor Compares Gays To Pedophiles In Baffling Debate. Kirk Humphreys' remarks were deemed \disgusting\ by lawmakers and advocates.
U.S. Couple Who Bared Butts At Thai Temple Have Reportedly Been Released. The men are said to have faced up to seven years in prison.
This New LGBTQ Club Has Ties To Peter Thiel, And People Aren't Happy About It. Thiel, a tech billionaire, is an outspoken supporter of President Donald Trump.
Australian Ambassador Gets Engaged In Paris And Gives Us Lifetime Goals. Brendan Berne popped the question four hours after same-sex marriage was legalized in his country.
Russell Tovey Says Playing A Gay Superhero 'Feels Wonderful'. The actor manipulates light and shares a steamy smooch as The Ray.
'RuPaul's Drag Race' Queens Are Finally Coming To 'America's Next Top Model'. Cue full-circle reality TV moment.
This Queer Family Has Been Campaigning For Australian Marriage Equality For 14 Years. When 15-year-old Corin Nichols-Tomlins travels to Canberra this week with his two mums, there\u2019s one member of parliament
Australian Lawmakers From Opposing Parties Hug Joyously After Same-Sex Marriage Vote. We needed this today.
Couple Reneges On Vow To Divorce In Protest Of Same-Sex Marriage. A 2015 op-ed Nick Jensen wrote in an Australian paper is resurfacing after the country passed a bill to legalize the very thing he was against.
Queer Califas. Queer Califas
Phillip Ward Talks \u201cThe Last Word\u201d by Quentin Crisp and More (AUDIO). This week I talked with Phillip Ward about the worldwide publication of The Last Word which is the third and final installment
Producer Greg Berlanti Married Soccer Player Robbie Rogers Over The Weekend. They made it official in Malibu.
Sam Smith Says His 'Real Housewives' Tagline Would Be 'I'm A Dick Monster'. The singer didn't hold back in his \Watch What Happens Live\ chat.
High School Football Players Kiss After Winning A State Championship. \u2018My teammates and I are super close,\u2019 one of the players says.
Jeffrey Tambor Insists He Hasn't Left 'Transparent'. Almost three weeks ago, Tambor seemed to say he was quitting the show.
A 'Gay Wedding Cake' Battle Is Heating Up In Northern Ireland, Too. The laws differ, but the issues at heart are very similar.
Art Gaysel Founder, Alex Guerra, Discusses Miami's Gayest Art Show [NSFW Images]. Each artist is also required to open the door to their hotel room during the event hours and engage with guests touring the show.
The Warwick Rowers' Calendar Apparently Deemed 'Gay Propaganda' In Russia. The move signifies a \wider problem,\ the creator said.
Martha Stewart. The domestic diva has a longtime pal she playfully calls her \gay son,\ too.
Gendering Children's Clothing Is Hurting Our Future Generations. By Nikki Yeager When I first dressed my son\u2019s infant body in pink leggings, comments from friends and family would drift
'The Last Word' By Quentin Crisp. Get a taste of the final installment of the queer icon's autobiography.
Austria Legalizes Same-Sex Marriage. Same-sex civil unions have been legal in the country since 2010.
Australian Politician Proposes To Partner During Same-Sex Marriage Debate. \This debate has been the soundtrack to our relationship.\u201d
Supreme Court's Wedding Cake Case Is About More Than Gay People, Activists Warn. A new campaign shows how a ruling for discrimination could reverberate far beyond bakeries.
Researchers Find Camping Is Really Good For LGBTQ Youth!. And some of the other biggest LGBTQ wellness stories of the week.
Woman Arrested In Tanzania After Video Of Same-Sex Kiss Surfaces. Homosexuality is a criminal offense in the African nation.
Growing Up Black And Gay In The South. I thought there was literally a demon or evil spirit causing me to be gay and I wanted to do everything I could to get rid of it.
Here's What's At Stake In The Supreme Court's Gay Wedding Cake Case. The baker says it\u2019s about free speech, but the same-sex couple says it\u2019s purely discrimination.
1960s Cartoon Character Snagglepuss Reinvented As Closeted Gay Playwright. \Exit, stage left!\
Minister Sparks Outrage After Asking People To Pray For Prince George To Be Gay. The reverend's words were quickly condemned by religious leaders.
9 NFL Players To Wear Special Cleats Raising Awareness Of Bullying. Shoes will be on display at this week\u2019s games to highlight cause important to LGBT people.
Mother Of Woman Missing After Tinder Date Hopeful After 'Persons Of Interest' Arrested. The pair were taken into custody after posting a bizarre series of videos online.
What's At Stake. A few weeks ago, I started my new job as CEO at Freedom for All Americans with no lack of a comprehensive to-do list. The
Tom Ford, Kristin Chenoweth Will Receive Huge LGBTQ Honors. The stars will be celebrated at the Trevor Project's annual gala.
Barney Frank. \They plan to increase the right of people to say, 'I am religiously opposed to this,'\ the pioneering gay former congressman said.
Throwback Thursdays. 6 moments that reveal the show\u2019s revival hasn\u2019t quite caught up with the times yet.
Roy Moore's Dangerous Views Of Queer Sexuality Come To Light In New Audio Clips. In newly unearthed audio from a speech, Moore compares the rise of the queer rights movement to the rise of Nazi Germany.
\u2018A Day With HIV\u2019 Campaign Tells The Powerful Stories Of Those Affected By HIV. \u201cOur hope is that by sharing their stories with one another, we can show that there is life beyond HIV,\ said Positively Aware editor-in-chief Jeff Berry.
Trump Excludes LGBTQ People From World AIDS Day Proclamation. The president's tribute to those living with HIV felt lacking at best.
'Call Me By Your Name' Stars Broke The Ice On Set By Making Out. Armie Hammer and Timoth\u00e9e Chalamet's rehearsal was a literal roll in the grass.
'Broken But Whole'. \Marc Leandro lost his husband, Lin, earlier this month. Read his beautiful essay remembering their life together.\
A Life In Transitions. I am learning to confront myself in the moments of utmost darkness, and tell myself I am loved.
Visualizing The AIDS Epidemic. Over 8000 of them have been donated to date.
When You\u2019re Single And Your Coupled Friend Ghosts You. There's an assumption that we\u2019re all just slumming with pals till Mr. Right comes along.
This Beautiful Family Was Purposefully Built From Patience And Love. \u201cThat\u2019s all any of us really need in life.\u201d
Singer Brian Justin Crum Says Sharing His 'Dark, Seedy' Side Musically Is 'Absolutely Scary'. It\u2019s hard to pigeonhole Brian Justin Crum. One moment the multi-faceted America\u2019s Got Talent finalist is detailing the sexual
Gay Soccer Fans Warned To Not Hold Hands In Russia At 2018 World Cup. An atmosphere of intolerance makes it dangerous to show same-sex affection.
American Found Naked And Dead In Australia In 1988 Was Killed In Gay Hate Crime. Scott Johnson's murder happened at a time when gay men were being hunted, assaulted and, sometimes, killed.
Grab A First Look At 'Love, Simon,' 2018's Hotly Anticipated Gay Teen Movie. The film aims to make LGBTQ youth feel \empowered, represented and respected.\
Former Christian Rocker Trey Pearson's Coming Out Experience 'Poured Into' New Album. \u201cOver a few month period there were only a couple of days when I didn\u2019t completely bawl my eyes out realizing my life was never going to look the same.\u201d
Why 'Terrorized' Members Of Central America's LGBTQ Community Are Fleeing. \They are now some of the most vulnerable refugees,\ advocates say.
U.S. Couple Arrested In Thailand After Exposing Their Butts At Temple. The men could reportedly face up to seven years in prison for the act.
'The Last Word' By Quentin Crisp (Exclusive U.S. Serialization \u2013 Part 2/4). Read an excerpt from the beloved author's autobiography.
Grindr, Faith & Little Richard \u2013 How I Ended Up In A Gay Church. Does Little Richard feel more welcome among a group of homophobes than he does among the wider gay community?
Cameron Esposito Made Yuletide A Little Gayer With Nativity Scene Photo. The comedian was \beaming\ at her neighbor's holiday display.
Detox From 'RuPaul's Drag Race' Discusses Her Passion For Fashion And More. The drag favorite talks Madonna, Mugler and more.
Egypt Sentences 17 People To Jail For Practicing Homosexuality. The defendants have been given leave to appeal against the sentence for now.
Deb Dunn Talks Saving Transgender Lives And LGBTQ Equality (AUDIO). This week I talked with Deb Dunn, Transgender Health Coordinator for the LGBT Resource Center of Chase Brexton Health Care
On December 1, World AIDS Day, Focus On #MyRightToHealth. And some of the other biggest LGBTQ wellness stories of the week.
Adam Lambert Says His 'Gender Fluid' Album Cover Was Toned Down. \It was a much different climate,\ the singer writes.
Actress Angelica Ross. The actress isn\u2019t waiting for her debut on Ryan Murphy-helmed series Pose to speak her mind.
The Warwick Rowers' Steamy 2018 Calendar Has An Incredible Aim. The brawny, buff boys are back and ready to bust stereotypes.
This Maryland Goat Farmer Hasn\u2019t Forgotten Where He Came From. \I\u2019m just a goat farmer who just wants to make sure that my four kids know that this is what we\u2019re supposed to be doing in communities.\
After Backlash, Tennessee Town Drops Planned Ban On Drag Shows. Portland's performers will be able to sashay on like before.
Young Woman Vanishes After Planning Date With Woman She Met Online. \We feel it might be an abduction -- possible trafficking,\ Sydney Loofe's mother said.
Eric Rosswood Talks \u201cThe Ultimate Guide for Gay Dads\u201d and More (AUDIO). This week I talked with author Eric Rosswood about his new book The Ultimate Guide for Gay Dads
Roy Moore And The Dangerous Rise Of Christian Nationalism. Don't be shocked by the allegations against Moore. Subjugation of women and girls is actually his movement's plan.
Trey Pearson's 'Love Is Love' Is A Powerful Tribute To Queer Sacred Spaces. The singer-songwriter opens up about his coming out journey in his new music.
10 Trans Youth Share Their Struggles And Hopes In This Emotional Short Film. They want the world to know they're just as \loving and flawed\ as everyone else.
Drag Icon And LGBT Activist Mother Flawless Sabrina Passes Away At Age 78. The drag community lost a trailblazer with the passing of Mother Flawless Sabrina Friday night. Born Jack Doroshow in Philadelphia
Becoming A 60-Year-Old Transgender Activist. I did not set out to become an activist. I simply knew I could not be silent in the face of oppression and marginalization.
Kim Davis Denied This Gay Man A Marriage License, And Now He May Run Against Her. David Ermold and his now-husband fought back against the Kentucky county clerk in 2015.
The Damaging Stigmas Men Of Color In Makeup Face. Four talented makeup artists get real about lack of representation, creating names for themselves and more.
'Transparent' Writer Suggests Series Refocus Away From Jeffrey Tambor. \We cannot let trans content be taken down by a single cis man,\ she writes.
Will CBS Broadcast Gay Slurs During Patriots-Raiders Game This Sunday?. Fans in Mexico will chant a gay slur during the NFL game.
Ohio Lawmaker Quits After Having 'Inappropriate Conduct' With Man In His Office. State Rep. Wes Goodman has long been a public proponent of \natural marriage.\
Some People Think Starbucks Is Promoting 'Gay Agenda' On Holiday Cups. Others are just hoping it is.
Actor Max Crumm Wants His New Play To Open Minds About Bisexuality. Off-Broadway's \Hot Mess\ is billed as a \romantic comedy with a little twist.\
We Really Need To Stop Acting Like Heartless Jerks About Gender Identity. Treating someone with kindness and respect isn't really that hard and it's certainly not \crazy.\
LGBTQ Parents Are Back At It Again. \u201cI can understand why people do a double take on our family.\u201d
Yep, I Really Did Have A Gay High School Experience... At The Age Of 27. Delayed, gay adolescence has received much attention of late, and when it comes to the high school experience, musings on
12 Gay Men Living With HIV Explain What It Means To Be Undetectable. \u201cDon\u2019t let my status stop you from having sex with me.\u201d
Australians Joyously Celebrate \u2018Yes\u2019 Vote For Same-Sex Marriage. The photos tell the story of the reactions to the nationwide poll.
Celebrities Applaud Australians For Supporting Same-Sex Marriage. \Congrats Australia! Every step taken is one closer to World Peace!\
Why Is Roy Moore\u2019s Base OK With Assault Claims But Not Same-Sex Marriage?. The Daily Beast's Sam Stein questions the \moral thread\ of Moore's supporters.
Religion Is Never An Acceptable Excuse For Verbally Abusing Children. When a child is transgender, people seem to lose any sort of rational perspective.
One Of Australia's Oldest Gay Couples Can Finally Plan To Marry After Historic Vote. The two have been together for 50 years.
7+ Reasons Why Bisexual, Pansexual, Fluid, And Queer People Need to Sign Up For Health Insurance This Month. It means it\u2019s TIME TO GET ENROLLED. And I\u2019m here to tell you why.
Trans People Are Dying, And We Need Your Help. If our goal is really to be an accomplice, we need to listen. Be willing to pipe down. Assume we don\u2019t know better than the folks living it in their day-to-day.
From Liz Smith To Kevin Spacey. Zealous \anti-outing\ policies caused harm, and many times, it was closeted queer people who were enforcing them.
Lost Orgasm! Reward If Found. A yearlong quest to come after a bad breakup led me to BDSM dungeons, pegging parties, and eventually a pool of my own sweat, but I was no closer to the little death I so desired.
'Star Trek. It was a long time coming.
Now There's An HIV Prevention App Specifically For Trans Women. Each week,\u00a0LGBT HealthLink, a program of CenterLink,\u00a0and researcher and blogger Corey Prachniak-Rinc\u00f3n bring you a round
Church Ordered To Remove Rainbow Flag Ahead Of Australian Vote On Same-Sex Marriage. The vote on same-sex marriage is due Tuesday evening.
Why Is The U.S. Denying This Young Trans Woman A Student Visa?. A State Department foreign service officer shares the story that broke her heart.
Poet Sam Sax Chats About Queer Identity, Sex, & Mental Health. Sam\u00a0Sax is the author of Madness (Penguin, 2017) winner of The National Poetry Series and \u2018Bury It\u2019 (Wesleyan University
Filmmaker Nicole Conn Talks \u201cNesting Doll\u201d and LGBTQ Equality (AUDIO). This week I talked with filmmaker Nicole Conn about her new production Nesting Doll a story about four broken women whose
Model Munroe Bergdorf Condemns Media For Its Treatment Of Transgender Kids. \A child's emotional and physical welfare is not up for debate,\ the transgender model said.
The Bravery Of Transgender Service Members Rejuvenates The Sense Of Service This Veteran's Day. \This Veteran's Day I'm thankful for the privilege to serve next to our transgender brothers and sisters in uniform.\
Cheyenne Jackson Opens Up About Sexual Objectification And Harassment. \I have felt like a piece of meat so much,\ the American Horror Story actor said.
How \u2018Will & Grace\u2019 Achieved The Impossible\u2026 Twice. \u201cW&G\u201d has become a sort of next-generation \u201cGolden Girls.\u201d
'The F Word' Follows These Two Women And Their Journey To Create A Family. A new web series finds humanity and humor in the foster care system.
Watch 'Drag Race' Star Milk Channel Madonna In Iconic Ad For Pop Star's New Skincare Line. The dairy queen becomes the queen of pop in a surprising new campaign.
Trans In Trumpland. November 8, 2016 was a night I won\u2019t forget. I watched in disbelief with my family in Massachusetts as Trump won Pennsylvania
These Moms Share Their Amazing Story About Adding Another Member To Their Family. \To give a child love his biological family is unable to give is so rewarding. It's a beautiful thing.\
Pride Is Taking Responsibility For The Future Of LGBTQ Youth. \Pride. A short, simple word\u2014that when felt can sustain a life\u2026 and when absent\u2026 can make us feel helpless and alone.\
The Buts Of Butts. \We need to get better at constructing a more diverse and nuanced language around our sexuality.\
One Year Later, The Trump Nightmare Is As Horrific As Many Of Us Imagined. LGBTQ rights have been dealt a stunning blow. Yet, a year since Election Day 2016 we're stronger and ready for the fight.
Lenin's Revolution. It was a hundred years ago this week. The first snows had just fallen on Petrograd lighting up the dark. The Bolshevik Revolution
The Transgender Harvey Milk. Yesterday, Danica Roem's victory made her an instant role-model to hundreds of thousands of trans people who are in desperate need of voice and hope.
Reclaiming Our Faith In The Era Of Trump. \Christianity\u2014and its tenets of social justice, helping those less fortunate, striving toward peace\u2014is for everyone.\
Gay Talese Says Kevin Spacey Accusers Should Just 'Suck It Up'. Whole lotta no.
My Child Is 'They,' And It's Society, Not Language, That Needs Fixing. \As a parent raising this type of child, we get all kinds of ill-informed accusations and harmful motives ascribed to us by complete strangers.\
Dad Accused Of Killing Teen Son Opposed His Sexuality, Friends Say. \u201cI\u2019m sure that inside of his mind, he would rather have a dead son than a gay son.\u201d
How Making Music Has Helped Me To Accept Both My Body And My Sexuality. \I want to sing songs about women and about loving myself for thousands of people and have them walk away feeling like they\u2019re amazing and they have allies in me and each other.\
Here's Why Twitter Is Blocking 'Bisexual' From Its Search Results. The company apologized and promised a fix.
How Does Your State Rank In Trans Equality?. And some of the other biggest LGBTQ wellness stories of the week.
Uncle Meg Talks About Transitioning While Recording His New Album, 'Can't Stay The Same'. He's also sharing the new video for his track \Winning It Or Losing It.\
Making It Better. \The young people of today are proof of something they have not yet had the opportunity to prove -- something that\u2019s coming.\
Through Love And Activism, Marsha P. Johnson Empowered Me To Be Myself. When I was just a young man coming of age in Greenwich Village, Marsha P. Johnson taught me what it meant to be gay. Marsha
Kelly Clarkson Felt 'Suppressed,' Says Top Country Star's Career Changed When He Came Out. \u201cHe\u2019s an amazing singer, an amazing performer, but nobody could get past [his being gay].\u201d
Trixie Mattel And Katya Zamolodchikova Sound Off On Trump, Online Masturbation And More. The hilarious drag superstars are currently promoting their new Viceland TV show.
Meet The Trans Political Hopefuls Who Aim To Lead The Battle For Equality. With the government backpedaling on their rights, more trans candidates are running for office.
After Being With My Partner For 28 Years, I'm Getting Married In The Morning. \It was a stunning achievement, something nearly unthinkable when I was a boy growing up in my blue-collar mill town in the \u201970s.\
It's Time For LGBTQ Service Members To ASK & TELL. This is their chance to share their memories, beliefs, fears, and optimism.
Keith Hernandez Accused Of 'Homophobic' Remark In World Series Broadcast. The former player said his \poor attempt at humor\ was taken the wrong way.
How Losing The Love Of My Life Made Me Distrust Men Forever. \If your introduction to the world is full of men who don\u2019t want you it becomes a picture trapped in your snow globe.\
The Power Principle And Kevin Spacey. Using your position of power to deflect these behaviors and get away with them is an exercise that many have used throughout history.
Jennifer Camille Lee Talks Pink Hat Run Event and More (AUDIO). This week I talked with LGBTQ ally Jennifer Camille Lee, founder and co-leader of Action Illinois a progressive advocacy
This Couple Grapples With The Possibilities Of Becoming Fathers. \u201cWe never really thought about having our own kids because we never thought it was possible.\
Being A Transwoman In Trump's America. November 9th, 2016. Panic. Anger. Fear. How did this happen? Wasn\u2019t HB2 enough? Does anyone else know what I deal with, what
Fall's Catchiest New Song Just Got A Sizzling Gay Makeover. In \Boys on Boys,\ love and unity can be found on the dance floor.
The Tr*mp Effect. \The trans community is, has been, and will always be here, and we\u2019re ready for whatever comes next.\
Sam Smith Opens Up About The Downside Of Fame And His True Mission. \u201cI get homophobic abuse on a daily basis on social media.\
At Last! This Beautiful Children's Book Features A Lesbian Love Story. Sir Ian McKellen and George Takei have already voiced support for the incredible project.
How Kevin Spacey Perpetuated An Old Stereotype About The Homosexual Community. The actors alleged pedophilic behavior is a function of his hunger for power, not his self-proclaimed queerness.
Trevor Noah Slams Kevin Spacey For Choosing 'The Worst Time' To Come Out. \Why is the twist always that Kevin Spacey is the bad guy?\
Zachary Quinto Slams Kevin Spacey For Coming Out Amid Sexual Harassment Allegations. \I am sorry that Kevin only saw fit to acknowledge his truth when he thought it would serve him.\
Kevin Spacey Responds To Report He Sexually Harassed Then-14-Year-Old Anthony Rapp. The actor's response to the allegations was his first public declaration that he is gay.
Asia's Biggest Gay Pride Parade Brings Tens Of Thousands To Taipei. A sea of rainbow flags and glitzy costumes filled downtown Taipei as tens of thousands marched in Asia\u2019s largest gay pride
George Takei. \Men who improperly harass or assault do not do so because they are gay or straight \u2014 that is a deflection.\
Hillary Clinton Blasts Trump Administration For Its LGBTQ Rights Stance. The president's silence on queer issues is \just wrong,\ she said.
On Queerness, Sexual Violence, Anthony Rapp And Me. Men are using sexuality as a shield to protect their abusive behavior.
Shut Up, Kevin Spacey.. Having been sexually abused myself, your diversionary tactics are horrifyingly familiar.
Caitlyn Jenner Confidently Embraces Her Authentic Self By Vacationing In A Swimsuit. \40 years ago my therapist asked me what my fantasy is.\
Celebrities React With Fury Over Kevin Spacey's Apology To Anthony Rapp. \u201cBeing gay is not an excuse for trying to molest children.\u201d
How Kevin Spacey Defamed All Gay and Bisexual Men By Coming Out. Spacey has been corrupted by the combustible combination of the closet and power, harming the entire LGBTQ community.
Hilarious Video Perfectly Calls Out Misogyny In The Gay Community. \You're talking to us like a lot of straight men do.\
'Teen Wolf' Star Colton Haynes Marries Jeff Leatham In Palm Springs. You won't believe who officiated the \Cher meets Guns 'N Roses\ ceremony.
Gay Florida State Diver Finds His Niche As An Out And Successful Athlete. Aidan Faminoff felt free after no longer hiding his true self.
This Short Film Hilariously Examines Dangerous Expectations Of Masculinity Among Gay Men. And we have comedian Drew Droege to thank for writing it!
When Gender Dysphoria Compounds Body Dysmorphia In Eating Disorder Recovery. \Why do I need to look a certain way to feel more like myself?\
Playwright Oliver Mayer Talks \u201cYerma in The Desert\u201d and LGBTQ Issues (AUDIO). This week I talked with playwright Oliver Mayer about the World Premiere of his new play Yerma in The Desert at Greenway
Kentucky Judge Who Refused To Hear Gay Adoption Cases Resigns. W. Mitchell Nance excused himself from hearing same-sex adoption cases because of his faith.
The Budget Resolution Is Devastating For The Bisexual Community. Bisexual people are statistically lower income and more likely to have a disability.
Here's A Stunningly Spooky Way To Help One Queer Youth Group Bounce Back. Devastated by fire, Arizona's One-n-Ten is hosting a \Festival of Rainbows.\
We Will Not Be Silent. \While actions like these remain some of the most harmful to LGBTQ students, hope is not lost on any campus.\
Wilson Cruz Opens Up About 'Star Trek' Finally Going Gay. \u201cI hope that people walk away from the series more willing to see themselves in other people.\
Check Out 'Two Men And A Baby,' A New YouTube Series About Two Gay Dads. Meet Dave and Bart and their daughter Sloane.
Ryan Murphy's New Show Makes History By Casting Record Number Of Trans Actors. The NYC-based series will make history with its inclusive cast and production team.
Gay Apps Must Act To Stop Entrapment Around The World. Cracking the global crackdown on gays.
Ellen Pays Tribute To Selfless College Student With Huge Surprise. This LGBTQ advocate got to meet his idol... and then things got even better.
Why We Stay. It\u2019s hard for the victim to see what is happening, because it\u2019s such a progressive process.
Does Minneapolis Have The Will To Bring Gay Bathhouses Back To The City?. About 50 people gathered at Lush bar Monday night to hear the case for reexamining Minneapolis\u2019 ban on bathhouses, the predominant
Playboy Claps Back At Transphobia After Announcing First Trans Playmate. Jenna Jameson and others slammed Playboy last week after it announced trans model Ines Rau would be in an upcoming spread.
Meet Uruguay's First Openly Transgender Senator. Michelle Suarez is vowing to bolster LGBTQ rights.
A Letter To Ally Parents, From Your Lesbian Friend. Language matters. We hear your words, and so do your kids.
The Place Beyond The Fire Island Pines. COLUMBIA COUNTY, N.Y., a two-hour drive north from Manhattan, is a bucolic vision of rural America \u2014 lush rolling farmland
Thousands Rally For Same Sex Marriage Before Australian Vote Closes. Residents are \very positive and not complacent,\u201d organizers said.
Elton John Slams Lawmaker Who Suggested People With HIV Should Be Quarantined. \Love is the cure. Not quarantines.\u201d
Kerry Washington Slams 'White House That Literally Preaches Division And Discrimination'. \u201cThe flames of terror and exclusion are being ignited by some of our most powerful leaders.\
Sam Smith. The Grammy winner has no interest in being tied down by labels.
How John Kelly Exposed Himself As Steve Bannon Lite. He's proven himself to be an authoritarian and a true Trump soulmate.
My Family. My Words.. I always knew I wanted kids. For me, it wasn\u2019t a question of if it was a question of when. People have many questions. Let
This Gay College Skier Fought His Own Misconceptions While Coming Out. Liam Moya was mistaken when he assumed the worst about other athletes accepting him.
Get Your First Look At The Queens Competing On 'RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars' Season 3. Which of these nine all stars will nab a spot in Ru's hall of fame?
Jenna Jameson Slams First Transgender Playmate, 'Likes' Anti-Trans Tweets. The former Playboy model denied being transphobic, though her Twitter activity suggests otherwise.
A Life in Transitions. Omaha to Chicago, adolescence to adulthood, him to me. Raised in rural and urban Nebraska, I have been accustomed to the
Captain Of Virginia Military Institute Swim Team Comes Out As Gay. John Kim decided that as a team leader, he needed to set an example.
Hayley Kiyoko's New Video Offers Us The Queer Pop Crush Story We've Been Waiting For. \u2764\ufe0f
Gay Former NFL Player's Big Voice Wins The Week On \u2018The Voice\u2019. Esera Tuaolo is headed to the Knockouts round.
I'm Still Here Episode 1. The Smith family spent a year demanding their trans daughter be treated like a human.
Ask Bear. The allure of the forbidden is real, and we should probably usually resist it, but human beings are human.
Jeff Sessions Won't Say If Anti-LGBTQ Guidances Discriminate Against LGBTQ People. \I'm not sure,\ the attorney general said in a Senate hearing.
Cheryl Osimo Talks MBCC Breast Cancer Prevention Event and More (AUDIO). This week I talked with Cheryl Osimo Executive Director of the Massachusetts Breast Cancer Coalition about the 20th anniversary
Tony The Tiger, Toucan Sam And Other Kellogg's Mascots 'Speak Out' Against Bullying. The beloved characters have joined GLAAD to honor Spirit Day.
Inside The Fight For Transgender Americans In The Mountains Of North Carolina. The first in the \I'm Still Here\ HuffPost podcast series.
Bisexual Women Say #MeToo. Bisexual women report higher percentages of sexual assault than lesbian and heterosexual women.
Two Non-Binary College Activists On Creating Space For Themselves On Campus. For G Ryan and Liza Holdaway, the college experience is far beyond ordinary.
LGBTQ Youth In Utah Deserve A Life Of Hope. In such a highly religious community, the process of reconciling religious faith and sexual orientation or gender identity can be difficult.
California Becomes First State To Legally Recognize A Third Gender. \SB 179 helps people of all gender identities be their authentic selves.\
Why I Support Jared Polis For Governor. Colorado can make history by electing a gay governor. He\u2019s also the best person for the job.
Jackie Shane, A Transgender Soul Pioneer, Re-Emerges After Four Decades. In August 2016, Douglas Mcgowan arrived at a modest brick house near central Nashville with a contract and the faint hope
Rest In Power. Jamie Lee Wounded Arrow Pine Ridge, South Dakota Jamie Lee Wounded Arrow, as she wrote herself on Facebook, \u201cfirst took breath
Exploring Breast Cancer In Transgender Communities. And some of the other biggest LGBTQ wellness stories of the week.
Queer Asians Reveal How They'd Come Out To Immigrant Parents In A Perfect World. A new film reminds families they \don\u2019t have to choose between loving their children and being faithful to their culture or to their religion.\
Why Publicly Discussing My HIV-Positive Status Was the Best Decision I've Made. I often think about the responsibilities I have\u2014the debt I owe, in a way\u2014to those who came before me. I\u2019ve been successful
How To Tell Your Parents That Gender Pronouns Matter. The fact that my progressive parents struggle to integrate nonbinary pronouns into their lexicon is a stark reminder of how much work we need to do.
Michele Bachmann Offers Her Thoughts On Donald Trump Being A 'Man Of Faith'. And one supporter at the Values Voter Summit says Jesus would have tweeted like Trump.
Three Women Share What It Means To Identify As Sexually Fluid In New Film. Here's why they say they're looking for love without labels.
Pink Opens Up About Her Sexuality. \I don\u2019t need you to put me in a box,\ the pop star says.
That Time \u2018Will & Grace\u2019 Forgot HIV Exists. Again.. The revived\u00a0Will & Grace\u00a0television comedy has some pithy things to say about aging as gay men and our need to create families
With Friends Like These. Today, in a nightmare fit for Friday the 13th, President Donald Trump will become the first sitting president to address
Margaret Cho On Why Joking About Harvey Weinstein Is Exactly What We Need Now. The comedian also sounds off on Trump and her own experience with sexual harassment.
Caitlyn Jenner Seems To Finally Be Getting That Trump Is Bad For LGBTQ People. \I was hoping for a lot better than this.\
UN Condemns Anti-Gay Crackdowns In Egypt, Azerbaijan And Indonesia. The practice is \arbitrary and violates international law,\ the spokesman said.
Here's When You'll Find Out The Queens Competing On 'RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars 3\. \Prepare to be gagged.\
This Is The Anti-Gay Pamphlet Handed Out At The Values Voter Summit. The pamphlet is titled \The Health Hazards of Homosexuality.\
College Basketball Coach In Texas Was Nervous Coming Out As Gay To His Head Coach. DJ Slifer realized that only by being authentic could he truly relate to his players.
\u2018Brilliant,\u2019 41 And Lost To AIDS. Michael Friedman\u00a0couldn\u2019t make it to Minneapolis this summer. Rehearsals were beginning there for his new musical, but he
Trump's Extreme 'Religious Freedom' Order Has Been Put In Place. You Just Don't Know It.. Many of us were duped into thinking we'd stopped it, but we haven't.
19 Years After Our Son Matthew Shepard's Murder, We Stand Stronger Than Ever. The policies the current administration is trying to impose on the country are a direct assault on our community.
All-Star Cast Spearheaded By Midler Brings Out The \u2018Freak\u2019 in All Of Us. It's part \u201cMean Girls,\u201d part \u201cNapoleon Dynamite,\u201d part \u201cClueless.\u201d
These 'Gayby' Stars Reunited For A New Series That's Bloody Good Fun. Jenn Harris and Matthew Wilkas are inadvertent assassins in \New York Is Dead.\
Apple, Starbucks And Others Petition SCOTUS To Ban LGBTQ Workplace Discrimination. A massive display of support for LGBTQ people on a corporate level.
LGBTQ Celebs Write Moving Letters To Their Younger Selves. Happy National Coming Out Day!
LGBTQ Ad Execs Share Personal Journeys In This National Coming Out Day Video. Their stories tell a universal truth.
Growing Up In Scouting's Closet. It\u2019s worth asking if Scouting is demonstrably more inclusive of the LGBTQ+ community today than it was five years ago.
I'm Coming Out Today For Service Members Who Cannot. \I\u2019m training to fight for our country, and I\u2019m going to fight this unjust ban.\
Letter From 114 House Democrats Challenges Trump's Decision To Ban Transgender Troops. \As you know, clear communication between the White House and the Pentagon is essential to our nation's security.\
Director Donna Deitch Talks \u201cDesert Hearts\u201d Sequel and More (AUDIO). This week I talked with Director Donna Deitch about being honored by Provincetown Film Society on October 13th and the sequel
As A Queer Boy Scout, Coming Out Felt Like Crossing A Line. \I never expected to share a moment like this with any of my Boy Scout friends.\
What Happened When I Reported Workplace Sexual Harassment Is Why People Choose To Stay Silent. \I have chills just thinking about it.\
How The Boy Scouts Kept Me In The Closet \u2013 And Why I'm Coming Out. \As I became a young adult leader in Scouting, I began to lead a double life.\
An Open Letter To Queer Youth On National Coming Out Day. I remember feeling so completely forsaken, praying to God to make me normal, to stop these feelings, to give me a break. I
The Time I Destroyed A Drunk Guy's Camera. I will never forget the first day I was called a D*ke. It was the Summerof 1999 and I had just come out. As I emerged from
For National Coming Out Day, 150 LGBTQ Sports People Who Have Come Out In The Last Year. Everyone has a story to tell.
My Internalized Homophobia Kept Me From Reporting My Sexual Assault. I wonder how many other young queer women have erased their own right to safety and respect out of a deep hatred of their own, deep self.
Queer Christians Respond To Jeff Sessions' New 'License To Discriminate'. \Each time we see Christians using power and privilege to target marginalized demographics ... the very foundation of our faith is compromised.\
Affirming Our LGBTQ+ Educators Is Essential To Fighting Prejudice. Our presence is often highly visible but routinely ignored. So much so that we sometimes resign to voicelessness.
Greece Passes Law Making It Easier For Citizens To Change Gender On Official Documents. The law was adamantly opposed by the Greek Orthodox Church.
The Power And Privilege Of 'Passing' As Straight. \Why, for a passing moment, did I secretly feel pleased that someone might think I was straight?\
2 Gay Iraqi Soldiers Found Love Amid War. Then The Death Threats Started.. Seattle \u2015 Each night, when the guns fell silent in Iraq, Btoo Allami would invite his friend Nayyef Hrebid over for dinner
My Journey With Asperger's And My Gender Transition. As I was grappling with the idea that I was different from other children, I was also beginning to question the male gender I was born into.
Is Mr. Miller Gay?. \ I was so scared of what everyone would think that I didn\u2019t even consider that I could be accepted and loved.\
Here's What Happened When The Daughter Of An Anti-LGBTQ 'Family' Group Exec Came Out. \The day I told my family I was gay changed the course of my life forever.\
51 Men Detained In Indonesian 'Gay Spa' Raid. Some could face up to six years in prison.
Two Very Different Closets. \He took an oath of secrecy at 26 but I on the other hand was born into it.\
I\u2019m A Straight Business Owner In Mississippi And I\u2019m Horrified By My State\u2019s New Anti-LGBTQ Law. \I can\u2019t fathom the world that they want to defend treating anyone for any reason differently.\
Transgender Teen Ousted By School Is Crowned Homecoming King. Stiles Zuschlag is calling his transfer from a Christian school to a public one a blessing from God.
Here's An Amazing Way To Talk To Kids About Privilege And Intersectionality. \ud83c\udf08  \ud83c\udf08  \ud83c\udf08
Beautiful Surprise Road Trip Proposal Has Extra Special Meaning For This Couple. They hope the video will \u201cshow all the baby butches out there that we can have a happy ending, too.\u201d
Electronica Hitmaker Gryffin. Gryffin achieved arguably his greatest success to date earlier this year with \u201cFeel Good.\u201d Featuring fellow Bay Area-raised
Matt Bomer Opens Up About His 'Surreptitious' Straight Male Fanbase. Who knew \Magic Mike\ broke so many boundaries?
Egypt Launches Its Widest Anti-Gay Crackdown Yet. The nation has been under fire for its human rights record for some time.
LGBTQ Groups Slam DOJ Directive As A 'License To Discriminate'. The \impact will be devastating,\ one queer rights advocate wrote.
These Dallas Dads Built Their Beautiful Family Through Adoption. \The two things you should embrace are patience and laughter.\
Doug Jones Fires Back At Roy Moore After Campaign Attack On Joe Biden. Democrat Jones will face off against Republican Moore in Alabama's special election in December.
Two Queens On What It's Like To Live And Breathe Drag In Wisconsin And New York. Stephanie Stone and Toyota Corona talk queer culture in two very different parts of America.
In A Historic First, The Rainbow Flag Will Be Flown Permanently On Federal Land. It's set to be raised at Stonewall on a historic date for the queer community.
Mississippi Is Now Home To America's Most Anti-LGBTQ Law. Here's Why My Family Still Won't Leave.. \My heart and soul are crushed that preachers and politicians have bastardized the Gospel to make this happen.\
Steve Scalise To Speak At Anti-Gay Group's Forum Months After Lesbian Cop Saved His Life. He is scheduled to appear at the Family Research Council's Values Voter Summit.
Trans Teen Sues Catholic Health Organization After Being Denied Medical Care. \This is discrimination, and it is plainly illegal,\ a ACLU attorney said.
Norwegian Singer Astrid S. With a population of just over 5.3 million, Norway is historically known for fishing, its petroleum industry and as home
My Wife And I Are About To Welcome A Baby Into The Most Anti-LGBTQ State In The U.S.. The state of Mississippi has made it legal for business owners and service providers to discriminate against my child before she even weighs a pound.
The San Francisco Gay Men\u2019s Chorus Flies South to Fight Bigotry. \We believe this tour is another step in the right direction that will build bridges of understanding, compassion and empathy.\u201d
Trump's Different Responses To The Orlando And Vegas Massacres Reveal His Hypocrisy. After Orlando, Trump vowed to \protect\ Americans from violence, but curiously, he has made no such vow now.
'Call Me By Your Name' Quenches Our Thirst For Compassion. There were whispers of steamy gay sex scenes and piercing performances from the cast.
LGBTQ Groups Blast Jeff Sessions For Reversing Trans Workplace Protections. It's an \appalling assault\ on the queer community, they said.
My Excruciating History Of Sexual Awkwardness -- And How I'm Overcoming It. Let's get physical, but let me dry-heave first.
This LGBTQ Show For The Whole Family Has The Perfect Explanation Of Drag Culture. \u201cDrag has [always] been a vital part of queer history,\
Do Unto Others. \To use the UN as a tool of violence and criminalization is unacceptable.\
DADT Hero Maj. Margaret Witt Finds Strength In The Struggle. \u201cI just don\u2019t feel right calling you \u2018Margie,\u2019\u201d I said before we took the stage at Seattle\u2019s Museum of Flight to discuss
US Rejects UN Resolution Condemning Death Penalty For LGBTQ People, Other Groups. The Trump administration said it voted against the measure due to \u201cbroader concerns\ about its condemning capital punishment in all circumstances.
Tom Petty's Last Tour Included A Subtle Nod Of Support For Trans Rights. The rock legend honored a trans icon during his performance of \American Girl.\
LGBTQ Group Holds Protest To Mourn Las Vegas Massacre Victims. Gays Against Guns vows to push back against America's \murderous negligence.\
New Report Looks At What Companies Are Doing To Help -- And Hurt -- LGBTQ Community. And some of the other biggest LGBTQ wellness stories of the week.
LGBTQ Family Planning. LGBTQ couples face unique challenges when considering starting a family. The most common questions and concerns revolve around
Homophobes Are Now Saying \u2018I Knew You Were Gay\u2019 To Hurt People Coming Out. Make no mistake
First 'Bisexual Representation Award' Winners Announced. Over 4,000 votes were collected for this inaugural event.
The 6 Supreme Court Cases LGBTQ People Need To Watch This Term. Here\u2019s what to look out for.
Ellen Responds To Las Vegas Massacre In Most Beautiful (And Most Ellen) Way Possible. This is exactly what we needed.
New Film Sheds Light On A Less-Heralded Aspect Of The Queer Experience. \The Mess He Made\ re-creates the \specific ritual\ of an HIV test -- and its aftermath.
Macklemore Sings 'Same Love' To Aussie Rugby Fans Amidst Marriage Vote. He donated proceeds to the nation's equality campaign, too.
These LGBTQ Groups Were Formed After Pulse. Here Are Their Messages For Vegas.. \We know what they are going through and we have our arms wrapped around them in solidarity.\
Egypt Reportedly Subjects Gay Men To Anal Exams After 'Debauchery' Crackdown. At least 33 people have been arrested since Sept. 23.
Trans Supermodel Shares How Hugh Hefner Fought For Her When No One Else Would. The late mogul became an ally for trans visibility and awareness years before many others.
Rights Groups Condemn Reported Mass Arrests Of LGBTQ People In Azerbaijan. Lawyers for some of those arrested said their clients had been subjected to beatings, verbal abuse and forced medical examinations.
Patricia Arquette Feels Compelled To Talk Politics During This 'Critical Time'. \u201cI\u2019m not going to not notice what\u2019s happening to my brothers and sisters all over the place. I can\u2019t ignore that.\u201d
Dr. Gayle E. Pitman Talks Children\u2019s Book Addressing LGBT History (AUDIO). This week I talked with Dr. Gayle E. Pitman about her new children\u2019s book entitled When You Look Out the Window
Macklemore Has The Perfect Response To Homophobic 'Angry, Old White Dudes'. These guys should know better than to challenge the queer ally.
A Message To The Little Boy Playing With Barbies. You should not feel shame for doing what makes you happy.
The Satanic Temple Has An Ingenious Plan To Troll Anti-Gay Bakeries. Devil's food cake, anyone?
Quality Health Care Still Inaccessible For Many In The LGBTQ Community. The LGBTQ community faces numerous barriers that prevent them from accessing essential care.
Debra Messing Reacts To Megyn Kelly's Cringe-Worthy Gay Comment. Kelly asked a \u201cWill & Grace\u201d fan if the show made him gay.
Broadway, TV Stars To Celebrate Rufus Wainwright With NYC Concert. \54 Sings Rufus Wainwright\ will honor the groundbreaking queer artist's legacy.
Is The Air Around Us Making Us Sick?. Each week,\u00a0LGBT HealthLink, a program of CenterLink,\u00a0and researcher and blogger Corey Prachniak-Rinc\u00f3n bring you a round
Seven Arrested For Raising Rainbow Flag At Concert In Egypt. The detainees were said to be \promoting sexual deviancy,\ according to reports.
Trump And His Supporters Have Forfeited The Right To Be Offended. Trump opened the floodgates on people saying whatever they want and offending as many people as possible.
Choose Your Own Adventure Music Video Let\u2019s You Explore Sexual Identity. Remember those dope choose your own adventure books from when you were a kid? You got to feel like you were actually a part
Oscar Nominee Elisabeth Shue. \u201cI\u2019ve always had an up-and-down career,\u201d admits actress Elisabeth Shue.\u00a0 \u201cI don\u2019t feel like it\u2019s been just \u2018sailing smoothly
\u2018Voices 4 Chechnya\u2019 Speaks Out On Giving Voices To LGBTQ+ Chechens. \When people are being rounded up, tortured, and murdered for who they are, you must act.\u201d
I'm Bi. It Took me 21 Years To Come Out Of The Closet And Say It.. \I had never heard the word bisexual until college. Not once.\
Trump Incites Hate And Violence. We Must #UnmakeTheHate.. Others have targeted me for being bisexual and for speaking out against Donald Trump\u2019s politicized speech to the Boy Scouts
Here's Why This Bluegrass Concert Is Amplifying Queer And Diverse Artists. \Shout & Shine\ is a forward-thinking showcase of a traditional music genre.
How Facebook's 'Authentic Name' Policy Serves To Create A Hostile Environment For Transgender Stalking Victims. I am far from the only victim.
I've Got A Question For You. What harm is there in one human being sharing their humanity with another in the form of a story?
What Alabama's GOP Senate Frontrunner Told Me Should Scare The Daylights Out Of You. Roy Moore said homosexuality \is not a public right\ and Islam \conflicts\ with the First Amendment.
Two Gay Teachers From Very Different Worlds On Shaping The Next Generation. Divided by state politics, these educators are equally devoted to America's youth.
Oscar Nominee Elisabeth Shue Says 'Battle Of The Sexes' Defies LGBTQ Movie 'Pigeonhole'. \u201cIt\u2019s about sexuality... But it is also about power \u2014 and taking back your power...\
A Bisexual Awareness Week Dish. I caught up with my glamorous bisexual pop star friend, Ricky Rebel, to chat about his music, touring and \u2018gender norms.\u2019
Fans Petition For Wonder Woman To Be Bisexual In Sequel. A Change.org petition is gaining momentum.
Finding New Roots. The need for safe spaces in these communities is vital, as many fear that their care will be compromised if they are open with their sexuality or gender identity.
Ross Mathews. \u201cWe are the misfits who are pulling this off -- \u2018The Little Show That Could.\u2019\u201d
Why I Launched A Platform To Empower Survivors Of Bullying. I wanted to make sure other kids had the outlet I wish I had.
Getting Black Trans Women's Needs Met. Phoebe is a Black trans woman, trans health activist, and sex work expert/advocate.
Trans Men Prefer To Do It Themselves. And some of the other biggest LGBTQ wellness stories of the week.
Getting Older And The Price Of Staying Young. \In the end, it\u2019s always a race, with our younger selves, with time, with those a generation younger than we are.\
Brazilian Judge Sparks Outrage By Approving Gay Conversion Therapy. Outrage over the ruling has created a protest hashtag
Family Wants Answers After Georgia Tech Police Kill LGBTQ Campus Leader. \u201cWhy did you have to shoot?\ asked the father of 21-year-old Scout Schultz.
In 'Aliens Coming,' A Queer, Campy, Sci-fi Satire, YouTubers Chase Their Star. Between the throes of growing up and the woes of social media, there\u2019s a love story, an adventure, and a coming-out story you may not see coming.
Writing While Trans. A dialog between authors Alex Myers and Lisa Bunker about the challenges and advantages of being transgender writers.
Belgrade's 4th Non-Violent Pride. \When there aren\u2019t thousands of armed policemen to protect them, queer people in Serbia remain mostly invisible, hiding from bashing, hate speech and discrimination.\
Rev. Christie Hardwick Talks Provincetown Inspiration Weekend (AUDIO). This week I talked with Rev. Christie Hardwick about the fourth annual Provincetown Inspiration Weekend that takes place
LGBTQ Christian Students Demand A Response About The Nashville Statement. \Your silence on this is sending a confusing and damaging message...\
Australia's Prime Minister Defends Religious Liberty Amid Same-Sex Marriage Poll. \u201cChurches are free to marry whoever they like,\u201d Malcolm Turnbull said.
Trans Actors For Trans Characters. As a trans actor, I understand my characters' angst and pain on a level that cis people cannot even begin to grasp.
Lest We Forget Why Gay Men Love Britney And Madonna. They encapsulate so many aspects of modern gay popular culture.
Watch What Happened When These Two Men Swapped Grindr Profiles. \What The Flip?\ examines how racial stereotypes play out in the queer dating scene.
This Australian Rugby Star Says He Will Vote Against Same-Sex Marriage. Israel Folau says he\u2019s on #TeamJesus.
Superfruit's 'Future Friends' Explores 'What Pop Music Means To' Out Pentatonix Duo. Accompanying most tracks from\u00a0Future Friends\u00a0are vivid music videos. Each shows a different \u00a0aspect of the pair's relationship
The Powerful Reason Why This Artist Has Been Saving His Urine For The Last 200 Days. \It\u2019s crazy that we have to go to these extremes but this is the culture that we\u2019re living in.\
Gay Athlete Raising Money To Fight Suicide After His Best Friend\u2019s Death. Josh Velasquez has dealt first-hand with depression, suicidal thoughts.
In His New Act, Tommy Tune Vows To Be A 'Vitamin For The Spirit'. The legendary actor, singer and dancer is back on the road once more.
A Tennessee Town Is Attempting To Ban Drag Shows. Officials are pushing an ordinance that would redefine male and female impersonations and restrict where they can be seen.
Inside Danica Roem's Historic Campaign As A Transgender Woman In Trump's America. The Democratic candidate for Virginia's 13th district isn't running to rebuke Donald Trump. But given his anti-trans agenda, her victory would be that much sweeter.
What Happened To The Golden Age Of The Male LGBTQ Athlete?. And what did I do to make it worse?
Edie Windsor Was A Lesbian. Edie changed this country with her love story.
This Queer Couple Turns The Camera On Themselves In 'The F Word'. \As a documentary filmmaker, I feel ethically bound to try to truth tell.\u201d
Progressing Through Contrasts. To explore what it means to be queer in the Balkans, I decided to interview seven activists from six countries in the region.
I'm Not A Dreamer, But I'm Not The Only One Who Can Speak Up. Having developed a relatively recent sense of being \u201cothered\u201d in my life, I find I\u2019m a lot more sensitive to such things
Senate Candidate Was On Radio Show With Pastor Who Said Gays Should Repent Or Die. \u201cYes, Leviticus 20:13 calls for the death penalty for homosexuals,\u201d said pastor Kevin Swanson in 2015. Roy Moore appeared on his show in February.
Obama Remembers LGBTQ Rights Icon Edie Windsor With Heartfelt Tribute. Hillary Clinton also offered her condolences on Windsor's passing.
Model Teddy Quinlivan Comes Out As Transgender. She felt \u201ca great sense of urgency\u201d to speak out in America's current climate.
A Patient Gets The New Gender Affirmation Surgery She Helped Invent. LIKE MANY OTHER surgery patients, Hayley Anthony has a daily physical therapy regimen. But unlike other post-ops, the 30
Depression Is Real --Take It From A Gay Man Who Knows. September is Suicide Prevention month, and studies show that gay men have a higher rate of suicide than heterosexuals.
My Journey To Being Accepted As An Out Transgender Woman At Wellesley College. I want to be a mentor to Latinx, immigrant, and LGBTQI communities, now that I am here. This is my purpose.
Australian Same-Sex Marriage Rally Draws Record Crowd Ahead Of Historic Vote. Organizers said they were \blown away by the response.\
Musicals, Madness, and Memory.. Part 1 - When a Musical is More Than a Broadway Show, or That Time a \u201990s \u201cFlop\u201d Brought a Teenage Heart to Life It seems
The Largest Showcase Of Queer Fashion Designers At NYFW Will Be A 'R/Evolution'. \Fashion can be used as a tool for oppression, or as a means of resistance, self-love, and liberation. This year\u2019s show feels more important than ever.\
Bill Clinton, Andy Cohen, Lea DeLaria And More Mourn Edie Windsor's Death. The 88-year-old was a marriage equality pioneer.
Transgender DJ Fatally Shot Outside Club in San Francisco's Tenderloin. A beloved transgender disc jockey was shot and killed outside a club in San Francisco\u2019s Tenderloin district early Saturday
Michael Friedman, Co-Creator of \u2018Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson,\u2019 Dies at 41. Michael Friedman, a versatile, cerebral, and witty composer and lyricist who brought a historian\u2019s eye and a journalistic
Don't Punish Trans Girls For The Mistakes Of Others. For too long the cries of traumatized trans girls were ignored or silenced.
A Filmmaker Uses Never-Seen Footage To Tell Her Gay Uncle's Powerful Story. \Memories of a Penitent Heart\ recalls the life of Miguel Dieppa, who died in 1987.
It's Been 10 Years Since Chris Crocker Told The World To 'Leave Britney Alone!'. The internet star reflected on the video anniversary through his social media accounts
Shake Shack Celebrates The Return Of 'Will & Grace' In Sweet (And Boozy) Way. ...and it's for a great cause, too.
Why Do Gay Men Love Disney?!. Time and time again, Disney is dropping the ball \u2015 and sorry Elsa, but I\u2019m not letting it go.
The LGBTQ Community, Anti-LGBTQ Bigots And A Look At The Fight Over The Rainbow. The rainbow symbolizes the vision, but it\u2019s only a symbol. Behind it, we stand strong, together.
Nancy Pelosi Rips Into Trump At GLAAD Gala. Pelosi took the president to task over his trans ban and anti-LGBTQ views.
'RuPaul's Drag Race' Just Keeps Raking In The Emmys. \You make this queen so proud.\
Here Are 52 LGBTQ-Inclusive Things The NFL, Its Teams And Players Have Done. The league, its teams, coaches and players have done more for LGBTQ inclusion than you think.
Here's What Happens When Kids Are Shown An Animated Film About Gay Love. \u2764\ufe0f
The Pernicious Junk Science Stalking Trans Kids. \u201cI would be dead, to be totally honest.\u201d That\u2019s how 12-year-old Conner McLaren responded to a ThinkProgress question about
Why My Mom Took Me To A Gay Club. Never in a million years could I have predicted this.
Out Pentatonix Duo Superfruit Defends Friend Todrick Hall Amidst Taylor Swift Backlash. \u201cPeople are always going to disagree with you.\u201d
Silence = Death. When is silence lethal? Thirty years ago, gay activists in New York inverted the pink triangle used to identify homosexuals
Bruce Randolph Nelson Talks \u201cM. Butterfly\u201d and LGBTQ Issues (AUDIO). This week I talked with actor Bruce Randolph Nelson about starring in M. Butterfly at Baltimore\u2019s Everyman Theatre now through
Queer Groups Condemn Study Claiming Computers Can Tell If You're Gay From Photos. They're not here for the \dangerously bad\ research.
Brian Austin Green Says His Son Can Wear Dresses If He Wants To. \If he wants to wear a dress? Awesome. Good on him.\
Christian LGBTQ Group Raises Money To Help Pay For Gender-Affirming Surgeries. \u201cI want #TitheTrans to be a way for Christians to begin to pay reparations for the damage we have caused,\u201d said organizer Eliel Cruz.
Get Ready For DragCon With A Look At The History And Culture of New York City Drag. Know your herstory.
Powerful Documentary Takes A Look At Being Undocumented and Queer In The South. \The time to be in the shadows, that time is over. That time is long gone.\
Check Out That Butt... Literally!. And some of the other biggest LGBTQ wellness stories of the week.
Listen To A Never-Released, Newly-Revamped George Michael Single. The song, produced by Nile Rodgers, is the first new music since the pop star's death in December.
Wolves In Sheep's Clothing. All Christians should do the very thing that Paul describes we do in his Epistles
Language Progresses, For Better And Worse. Supporters believe they understand the words but often deliberately misuse them for political purposes.
New Study Finds PrEP Is Safe For Use By Gay, Bisexual Adolescent Boys. The researchers also didn\u2019t find an increase in sexually risky behaviors over the study period.
Library Refuses To Move Gay Kids' Book After 'Family' Group Objects. A parent argued \the library is not providing a safe place for children to explore children\u2019s books.\u201d
Pride Isn\u2019t Just For The Summer. As the summer comes to an end, so does a time of nearly non-stop LGBT Pride events and parties around the world. Seriously
Australian Pop Group's New Video Is A Powerful Ode To Coming Out. Cub Sport's \O Lord\ aims to challenge views of \masculinity, beauty and homosexuality.\
Here Are 10 Of The Most LGBTQ-Friendly Universities And Colleges. Campus Pride's annual survey honors schools that lead the way for queer inclusion.
The Sisterhood Of Drag. If you're the parent of an up-and-coming young drag queen, please know that your child has a sisterhood of love that will never let them down.
Lesbian Ex-Mayor Has Perfect Response To Ann Coulter\u2019s Hurricane Nonsense. The controversial right-wing pundit got put in her place after a comment about Harvey's devastation on Houston.
The First Season Of 'Indoor Boys' Ends On An Unexpected Note. So what happens now for the embattled gay roommates? \ud83d\udc6c
Record-Breaking Six Openly Gay College Football Players Hit The Field This Fall. Barriers are being broken as the 2017 season starts.
L\u2019Oreal Dropping Black Trans Model Is A Lesson For Those Who Don't Believe In White Supremacy. This morning, L\u2019Oreal\u00a0dropped Munroe Bergdorf, their first ever trans model, from their diversity campaign after a media
Meet The 85-Year-Old Drag Queen Who Stars In Miley Cyrus' New Video. James \Gypsy\ Haake said the pop star is \serious, fun and not to be effed with.\
TMZ Gets Schooled By Trans Activist Who Confronted Caitlyn Jenner. Ashlee Marie Preston wasn't having any of the gossip show's \apologist remarks\ about the reality star.
Choose Your Own Romantic Destiny In Tom Goss' Interactive Music Video. The singer-songwriter wants you to \Click,\ regardless of your gender or sexuality.
3-Year-Old Boy Can Now Join Disney Princess Activity After Mom Challenges Theme Park. Hayley McLean-Glass' son, Noah, was initially told he couldn't participate.
Pastor Warns Hurricanes Will Hit Cities That Don\u2019t Repent \u2018Sexual Perversion\u2019. And by \u201csexual perversion\u201d he means acceptance of LGBTQ rights.
A Thank You Letter To Gays With Kids. \These days, we're not just represented, we're celebrated.\
This Amazing Young Man Advocates For Other Foster Youth And LGBTQ People. \u201cLook what I\u2019m doing. You can do it too.\u201d
NCLR. \u201cSecretary Mattis did not make a decision to \u2018buy time\u2019 or to \u2018freeze\u2019 the current policy.\
Secrets To Good LGBTQ Health. A roundup of some of the biggest LGBTQ wellness stories of the week.
Trans And Gender Non-Conforming Communities Need Paid Leave Now!. Employers must define \family\ in a way that allows trans and gender non-conforming communities to tend to their loved ones without incurring tremendous financial burden.
Mattis. \u201cIn the interim, current policy with respect to currently serving members will remain in place.\u201d
Indonesia's Oldest Queer Rights Group Turns 30 Facing Difficult Future. Indonesia\u2019s first queer rights organization, GAYa NUSANTARA, turned thirty years old this month. I took the opportunity to
Living Through Attempted Suicide. Cross-posted from Transfaith Though I never derived much from Christianity, one verse always stood out to me. Isaiah 54:17
In Response To The Anti-LGBTQ 'Nashville Statement,' A 'Nazareth Statement'. It is important for churches not to pervert God's love in order to affirm their biases.
For Jake Shears, Wanting To 'Make People Smile' Helped Him Become A Star. The Scissor Sisters frontman recalls his rise from go-go dancer to glam-pop rocker.
How To Have An Open Relationship. Hi, my name is Davey Wavey and I enjoy open relationships. And while openness can mean anything from chatting with multiple
Donald Trump's Response To Hurricane Harvey Divides Rather Than Unites. Any media narrative that he could now \unify\ the country in the aftermath must be challenged.
Evangelical Leaders Release Anti-LGBTQ Statement On Human Sexuality. \This is indeed yet another sad day in the history of the modern evangelical movement,\ said one LGBTQ Christian pastor.
Chelsea Manning's Lawyer Delivers Powerful Message About Trans Health Care. \Just because it isn't health care you need or understand doesn't mean it isn't real and necessary for some.\
'90210' Star Claims Airline Discriminated Against Her Gay Friends. AnnaLynne McCord says Southwest \bullied\ her pals and their kids.
Mario Cantone Reveals How Social Media Got Him To Play 'The Mooch'. The actor-comedian has harsh words for Donald Trump, however.
Thousands Rally For Same-Sex Marriage In Australia Ahead Of Vote. The issue continues to fracture the nation's government.
All Your Questions About Gender-Neutral Pronouns Answered. People say the darnedest things about the singular \u201cthey.\u201d When I tell someone that my\u00a0preferred\u00a0pronouns are they/them/their
Here Is A Brilliant Way To Talk To Kids About Privilege And Being Able-Bodied. \What's your story?\
The 'Indoor Boys' Are On The Outs In This Week's Explosive Episode. Hell hath no fury like a gay roommate scorned.\ud83d\udc6c
Hilarious 'PSA' Tackles The Controversy Over Straight People In Gay Bars. \We would love to have you there, just be smart and follow my rules. Lol.\u201d
'Nurse Jackie' Star Haaz Sleiman Comes Out As Gay And A 'Total Bottom'. The actor hopes his announcement will help combat anti-LGBTQ bigotry.
Donald Trump Will Never Be Restrained. We Must Never Stop Being Outraged.. Trump's extreme actions in the past two weeks must serve as a wake-up call. Things are going to get much worse.
The Many Faces Of This Diva Aficionado Will Return To The Stage Once More. Ben Rimalower will reprise his shows \Patti Issues\ and \Bad With Money.\
We Need More Gay Male Pro Team Sport Athletes To Come Out. A pro volleyball player knows why people stay quiet, but wants it to change.
MTV Is 'Honored' To Welcome Trans Service Members To 2017 VMAs. The network praised those troops as heroes \to young people everywhere.\
Kirstin Maldonado Talks Standing Up To Bullies, New Album, Future Of Grammy-Winning Pentatonix. After helping arrange the team who ultimately produced L\u2022O\u2022V\u2022E, Lewis even drove Maldonado to her first recording session
We're Over The Rainbow For This Heartwarming 'Wizard Of Oz' Redux. A talented cast of \Scene-iors\ pay tribute to the 1939 classic.
The True Cost of Trump's Transgender Military Ban. It's far too high for any of us to bear.
Meghan Trainor Claps Back At Anti-Marriage Equality Campaign. The star was having none of it after the group appropriated her image.
On Letting Loose And Being Free At Adult Summer Camp. From the moment I arrived at camp, I realized every one of the people there was open-minded and fun-loving.
This Gay Outdoorsman's Epic Adventure Is A Testament To Family -- And Equality. Mikah Meyer wants to break barriers and open minds in his three-year trek.
Celebrities Are Urging Australians To Vote 'Yes' On Same-Sex Marriage. Are you registered to vote?
Company Promised Its Spyware Could Help Parents 'Find Out If Your Son Is Gay'. \The sexual orientation of your children, directly responsible for the continuation of your family, is very important to you.\
Man Drives Through Mourners At St. Louis Vigil For Trans Woman Killed By Police. The motorist reportedly had his middle finger raised.
If 'Sex And The City' Was Gay. I reimagined the show as a gayer, more colorful series for my YouTube channel.
White House Gearing Up To Push Transgender Military Ban Forward. Reports indicate the Pentagon will have six months to institute it.
Lambda Legal Sues U.S. Departments of Education And Justice Over Trans Guidance Withdrawal. Yesterday,\u00a0Lambda Legal filed a federal lawsuit\u00a0to compel the U.S. Departments of Education and Justice to release information
How Trump's Homophobic USDA Chief Scientist Pick Directly Threatens LGBTQ People. Sam Clovis' bigotry is dangerous to LGBTQ workers in agriculture.
GOP Group Cluelessly Uses 1994 Margaret Cho Pic To Depict Asian Americans. Whoops!
MTV Will Go Dark To Encourage Australians To Register For Marriage Equality Vote. Are you registered?
Let's Not Forget The People Of Color Who Helped Pioneer Marriage Equality. Books and articles have whitewashed the struggle for marriage equality.
Chelsea Manning Beauty Exclusive. She shares with Yahoo Beauty what it\u2019s like to finally be out in the world living as her authentic self.
San Francisco 49ers Assistant Katie Sowers Is First Out LGBTQ Coach In NFL. \u2018One of the most important things is to be true to who you are,\u2019 she says.
Healthcare News For Our Transgender Veterans. Each week,\u00a0LGBT HealthLink, a program of CenterLink,\u00a0and researcher and blogger Corey Prachniak-Rinc\u00f3n bring you a round
Rupert Everett Says Hollywood Tried To 'Maximize' What They Could Get Out Of Him As A Gay Man. Don't hold your breath for \The Next Best Thing 2.\
Emerson Collins Talks New Film \u201cA Very Sordid Wedding\u201d & More (AUDIO). This week I talked with actor, producer Emerson Collins about his fabulous new film A Very Sordid Wedding that he appears
Australia Man Hails Drag Queens As 'Angels' After They Fight Off His Homophobic Attackers. \There comes a time when you fight back and you don\u2019t care if you\u2019ll get hurt or what happens to your wig.\
Trump\u2019s Chief Scientist Pick Once Compared Gay Rights To Protecting Pedophilia. Here we go again.
On Bisexuality And Bi-Erasure. Bisexuality is very real and valid.
Parents, Students Throw A Fit Over Alabama High School's Pride Flag. The group likened it to flying the Confederate flag.
'RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars' Is Returning To Vh1 For A Third Season. Eclipse who?
Frankie Grande Pays The 'Indoor Boys' A Surprise Visit. A passive-aggressive hookup goes awry on the series' steamiest episode yet \ud83d\udc6c
This Web Series Is Elevating The Lives And Stories Of Trans Men. \Having media that represents the breadth of our differences is a way to make those of us who often feel othered instead feel whole and valued.\
Here Is A Brilliant Way To Talk To Kids About Privilege And Class. How is class like ice cream?
Aaron Carter. The newly out pop singer also had some strong words for his ex-girlfriend.
How Coming Out May Help Prevent Cancer. Each week,\u00a0LGBT HealthLink, a program of CenterLink,\u00a0and researcher and blogger Corey Prachniak-Rinc\u00f3n bring you a round
Yes, Outing Nazis Is Absolutely The Right Thing To Do. Exposing the faces of hate is a righteous undertaking.
Twitter Blasts Ex-Google Employee Who Says Being Conservative Is Like Being Gay In The '50s. Nope. Not even close.
New York Cabaret Star Bridget Everett Makes A Bad-Ass Mama In 'Patti Cake$'. Just don't expect her to seek Hollywood acceptance anytime soon.
Sexual 'Fluidity' Makes Singer Kacy Hill Feel 'Like A Woman'. \u201cThis period of my life was interesting, because I was figuring out my own sexuality and what I want.\u201d
Yes, There's Actually A 'Straight Lives Matter' Rally In The Works. Sigh. Just... sigh.
Something Simple You Can Do Right Now. I am on vacation this week. No daily grind, no work, no responsibilities. Just what I needed! My husband and I (and our five
'California Country' Singer Sees His New Video As 'Joyful Resistance'. Brandon Stansell hopes \Spare Change\ will speak to a divided America.
From Surviving A Hate Crime To Becoming Dads. \If I had been given the option to write the script for how my life is going to play out, I would have sold myself short on possibilities.\
Yes, A Big Victory In Texas On The Trans Bathroom Bill, But The Battle Is Far From Over. Anti-LGBTQ forces are only consolidating more power in the Lone Star state.
Gwynevere Song Becomes The 17th Trans Person Reported Killed In 2017. When will it stop?
Anti-Trans 'Bathroom Bill' Dies In Texas. Business leaders and civil rights groups had battled to defeat the bills, saying they advanced bigotry, would tarnish the state\u2019s image and damage its economy.
The Mooch. OK, queen.
Fox News Guest Says Confederate And Pride Flags Are 'The Exact Same Thing'. How about no.
White People Are The Ones Who Made America This Way -- It's Our Job To Undo It. We are beyond the point where silence is an acceptable response to hate.
Here's The Perfect Candidate To Replace North Carolina's Racist Silent Sam Statue. I propose a celebration of a true Tar Heel who transformed America for good
Reflecting On The AIDS Epidemic This Gay Men\u2019s Health Crisis Founders\u2019 Day. Unlike what we faced at every turn, at GMHC I was treated with human dignity.
Breaking Up With His Boyfriend Started This Gay Track Athlete On Path To Acceptance. Isaac Reed III realized his religious upbringing stopped him from embracing who he is.
Tom Daley And Dustin Lance Black Have A Great Reason For Sharing Wedding Video. Citing the \brave work of countless people,\ the newlyweds pay it forward.
A Case For The 'Gayborhood'. \Us queers in the Midwest do not have this luxury as many of our friends do on the east and west coasts.\
Unhappy. \u201cLet\u2019s do prank calls.\u201d I was feeling rather bored at a seventh grade sleepover birthday party, and I realized I would have
Ireland's Panti Bliss Is An LGBTQ Icon. Ireland\u2019s Panti Bliss is an LGBTQ icon you\u2019ve probably never heard of \u2013 but it\u2019s time to take notice. Panti has been instrumental
How I Became A \u201cHot Guy\u201d In Only 50 Years (Give Or Take A Month). \I wanted to make a point that attractiveness doesn\u2019t necessarily end when your AARP magazine arrives.\
What Happens When Your Chronically Single Gay Pal Starts Dating?. Find out on this week's \Indoor Boys.\ \ud83d\udc6c
Aaron Carter Breaks Down At First Performance Since Coming Out As Bisexual. The emotional singer also performed a new song and flirted with members of the crowd.
Trans Athlete Harrison Browne Unretires, Returns To Professional Hockey. The trans athlete puts transition on hold for another year of hockey.
Floyd Mayweather Attempts To Explain Why He Called Conor McGregor A 'Faggot'. \u201cWe live and we learn,\u201d he said.
Why Trump's Callous Comments About Trans Service Members Should Alarm Everyone. He claimed trans people supported him. Then said he was banning them anyway.
Bye Bye Binary. Telling my story and being listened to affirmed my identity.
Comedic Drag Icon Jackie Beat Encourages Young People. \This is like going in for heart surgery and finding a donkey holding the scalpel,\ said Beat of President Trump.
ACLU Will Defend Milo Yiannopoulos' Right To Free Speech. The civil rights group will take D.C.'s transit to task after the conservative author's ads were removed.
Why Militarization Against Melanin Should Matter To Trans People. A wooden flute plays strong and slow in a room provided by San Francisco Housing Authority. Huaraches and orange juice nourish
Dear Australia. Let\u2019s stop wasting tax payers\u2019 money and get on with it \u2013 marriage equality now!
Amazon Sued By Transgender Woman And Her Husband For Workplace Harassment. A group representing the couple said their case was striking given the Seattle-based company\u2019s vocal support of LGBT rights.
A Series About RuPaul's Life Just Got Snatched Up By Hulu. The \dramedy\ will follow his rise from \club kid... to global star.\
Kuwait Reportedly Deports 76 Gay Men In Crackdown. The gay men were apprehended during nationwide campaigns aimed at enforcing the law regulating massage parlors.
Matt Thorn Talks Trump\u2019s Transgender Military Ban and LGBTQ Issues (AUDIO). This week I talked with Matt Thorn, President and CEO of OutServe-SLDN, the national voice for LGBT service members, about
Let's Keep A Closer Eye On Our Trans and Genderqueer Youth. And some of the other biggest LGBTQ wellness stories of the week!
Being Gay. I realized I was gay when I was 10. I did not know how to deal with it. There was nothing I could do. The feeling that I
Aaron Carter Is 'Looking Forward To The Future' After Coming Out As Bisexual. \u201cI\u2019m just taking one minute and one day and one comment at a time.\u201d
'Arrow' Star Shuts Down Homophobes Trolling His Facebook Page. Stephen Amell doesn't care what you think about him celebrating Pride.
Australia To Hold Vote On Same-Sex Marriage. Here's What You Need To Know.. The country has a long way to go to catch up with other developed nations on marriage equality.
Every Day Should Be Diversity Day. At my high school, we had Diversity Day, during which we were treated to (or subjected to, depending on who you ask) a series
Queer Creative Team Behind Feature Film 'Nova' Discusses Why We Have To Tell Our Own Stories. \If our stories are starting to gain mainstream visibility, we want to make that that visibility is authentic.\
Meet The 28-Year-Old Who Helped Pave The Way For Marriage Equality In Germany. Ulli K\u00f6ppe's question for Angela Merkel is believed to have had a national impact.
Trump's Transgender Military Ban Sparks Negative Comments From Facebook Community. When we started our documentary film project about the plight of two, rural, transgender youth in an economically depressed
Minority Report. Today LGBT Muslims in America have begun to emerge from the shadows, determined to find a practice of Islam that celebrates queerness.
Florida Man Killed After Standing Up For Gay Friends, Witnesses Say. The suspect allegedly said he hated homosexuals and wanted to \u201ckill [them] like rats\ before shooting 22-year-old Juan Javier Cruz.
MTV Changes VMA Moonman Award To Gender-Neutral 'Moonperson' Award. The network is giving its award shows a gender-inclusive overhaul.
Elders Adorably React To Viral Gay Animated Film 'In A Heartbeat'. \This would validate the fact that you're OK.\
The First U.S. Boxer To Fight As A Woman, And Then As A Man. Pat Manuel\u2019s half-hour runs along the quiet, tree-lined streets of Altadena are only partly about exercise. Mainly they\u2019re
Let Transgender Soldiers Serve. Discrimination, by one American against another, has been one of our most despicable and implacable enemies.
Ireland's First Openly Gay Prime Minister Celebrates Pride In Belfast. Leo Varadkar's first official Northern Ireland visit included a \Pride Breakfast.\
Aaron Carter And Girlfriend Madison Parker Break Up. The singer recently made a public revelation about his sexuality.
Todrick Hall Hilariously Remakes 'Get Out' In The Gayest Way Possible. Get out ... of the closet.
Transgender Veteran. I asked her what her reaction was when she heard about the Presidents tweets. She said
It Looks Like Love May Be In The Air For The 'Indoor Boys'. Things get hot (or not) on the fourth  chapter of this summer's must-see series \ud83d\udc6c
Family Research Council Thinks Lying About Transgender Troops Is A Christian Value. In over 10 years of tracking and calling out the group, I thought I had seen the full length of its audacity. Apparently I hadn\u2019t.
Aaron Carter Opens Up About His Sexuality In Emotional Twitter Post. The pop star said he \started to find boys and girls attractive\ as a teen.
The Gloriously Queer Afterlife Of 'Death Becomes Her'. That\u00a0Death Becomes Her\u00a0was made at all feels like a miracle. Centered on a pair of celebrities\u2014vain Helen and vainer Madeline
Caitlyn Jenner Reportedly Now Detests Donald Trump, Apologizes For Wearing MAGA Hat. \What he's doing to our community is absolutely f***ing awful.\
My Transgender Life. So, the President of the USA wants to ban transgender people from serving in the military. So, the State of Texas calls an
Why Kele Okereke And Olly Alexander's New Song Is A Musical Milestone. \Grounds for Resentment\ breaks fresh ground for openly gay pop artists.
Gay Dads Obsess Over Baby's First Haircut In Adorable Diaper Ad. \ud83e\udd17   \ud83e\udd17   \ud83e\udd17
So Maybe This Was Caitlyn Jenner's Only Hat?. Days after denouncing Trump's trans ban, Jenner sported a MAGA cap.
Chief Rabbi Said Pride Is Bad For Jerusalem. 22,000 People Disagreed.. Thousands attended pride in the holy city this week.
Here's Exactly How Trump Violates Boy Scout Law. A gay Eagle Scout explains how the president exemplifies the kind of behavior scouting seeks to discourage.
Ex-CEO Of Rentboy.com Gets Six Months In Prison For Promoting Prostitution. Jeffrey Hurant will now focus on changing the laws related to sex workers.
This Gay Couple Is A Shining Example Of Midwestern Family Values. William and Rob open up about their beautiful family of five.
Drag Queen's Dream Of Reading Stories To Kids Sparks Outrage In North Carolina. Brandon James says he wanted to open minds to \tolerance and acceptance.\
Blood, Maps, And Fears. Some of the biggest LGBTQ wellness stories from the past seven days.
Bandcamp To Donate All Its Share Of Sales For 24 Hours To Support Transgender Community. \We support our LGBT+ users and staff, and we stand against any person or group that would see them further marginalized.\
NHL\u2019s Draft Decision Fuels Sad Message. Years of the NHL\u2019s LGBT good will is again questioned, this time by sending the 2018 Draft to Texas.
Lady Gaga Had Something To Say About LGBTQ Equality On Opening Night Of Her 'Joanne' Tour. \Everybody\u2019s got to love each other.\
Telly Leung, Disney's Latest Aladdin, Opens Up About His New Starring Role. There's a new face in Agrabah.
What The New Military Ban Says To Our Transgender Youth. This rhetoric is highly dangerous in the context of what we know about stigma and covert and overt aggression against minority groups.
The Lack Of Support Of Black Transgender People Within The Black Community. Empathy - the ability to understand and share the feelings of another. This past weekend, I watched in horror and disgust
Absolut's New Campaign Shines A Light On Queer Struggles Around The World. \Kiss With Pride\ highlights couples from nations where same-sex love is illegal.
Here's How Australia Can Get Marriage Equality In Just Weeks. Three renegade Liberal MPs have revived the hopes for marriage equality to be resolved by a free vote in federal parliament
56 Retired U.S. Generals And Admirals Blast Trump's Military Trans Ban. \u201c[It] would cause significant disruptions, deprive the military of mission-critical talent, and compromise the integrity of transgender troops.\
This Gay Cult Film Will Get 'Outrageous' Reboot For A New Generation. \Boy Culture
Here's A Brilliant Way To Talk To Kids About Race And Privilege. It's time once again for \Queer Kid Stuff!\
Why Heteronormativity Is Harmful. Teachers have a responsibility to not make assumptions about their students\u2019 identities\u2014and that includes their sexual orientations and gender identities.
Janet Mock Responds To Comedian's Outrageous Trans Murder Comments. The writer and trans activist wrote a blistering response to Lil Duval's not-funny bit on \The Breakfast Club.\
Comedian Refuses To Apologize For Disgusting Comments About Murdering Trans Women. Lil Duval continues to dig in his heels.
Dove's Powerful Short Film Skewers Stereotypes About Female Beauty. The \Real Beauty\ clip shows the power of living genuine.
Fighting A Culture War. \The military has given many trans people I\u2019ve met a purpose and a way out.\
Laverne Cox Educates After \u2018Breakfast Club\u2019 Guest Jokes About Killing Trans Women. \Trans murder is not a joke.\
Jeff Sessions' Assault On Gay Workers Revealed Yet Another Lie He Told At Confirmation Hearings. The attorney general vowed to \ensure\ civil rights protections for LGBTQ people.
This Summer's Must-See Gay Web Series Takes A (Humorously) Dramatic Turn. Could a distressed feline bring the \Indoor Boys\ together?
Drag Queen Says Britain's Queer Muslim Community Is Flourishing. Asifa Lahore claims there have been countless queer Muslim weddings ever since same-sex marriages became legal in the U.K.
Conversion 'Therapy' Survivor Shares Harrowing Experience. As a child, Sam experienced electroshock and unspeakable mental abuse.
Man Caught On Tape Allegedly Setting Fire To Arizona LGBTQ Center. The suspect is a former client of the queer youth organization.
Animus, Brief. This week, I learned that the United States officially wants to discriminate against me. This week, my president said he
Trans Community Reacts To Trump\u2019s Military Ban Tweets. Donald Trump tweeted\u00a0Wednesday that America would no longer \u201caccept or allow\u201d trans people to serve in the military. There\u2019s
No Allies Here. This President, Republicans and conservatives have never been in alliance with us nor have they shown an iota of care for our human rights.
LGBTQ Youth. Each week,\u00a0LGBT HealthLink, a program of CenterLink,\u00a0and researcher and blogger Corey Prachniak-Rinc\u00f3n bring you a round
Doctors Resort To Nonsensical Reasoning To Justify Surgeries On Intersex Children. \It\u2019s not as easy as it used to be for doctors to discuss the real motives behind Intersex Genital Mutilation.\
'Drag Race' Star Alaska Pays Homage To 'The Golden Girls' In Her Newest Show. \This was one of the first shows that dealt with gay issues.\
Here's Why Flying The Rainbow Flag At Sports Events Is Necessary. How one queer journalist and fan found belonging in soccer.
Sia, The Chainsmokers And Other Stars Support Trans People In Heartfelt Video. The artists speak out against Trump's trans military ban.
Mayor Invites Trans People Banned From Military To Join Police Department. Austin's Steve Adler said trans troops are welcome on his city's law enforcement.
Colorful Book Will Give Kids A Glimpse At Harvey Milk's Life And Legacy. ... and we've got a sneak peek!
\u2018Real\u2019 In America. \u201cReal is what makes you who you are.\u201d That line was uttered by the character of Oliver Grayson on this week\u2019s episode of
What It's Like To Be Transgender In The British Royal Navy. Wednesday, President Donald Trump declared on Twitter that he would not allow transgender Americans to serve in the military
Too Late. \He has no regard for telling the truth or being consistent in his promises and will say whatever serves the moment to get what he wants.\
The Truth About Trump's Ban On Trans Soldiers. Let's break it down.
7 Anti-LGBTQ Moves The Trump Administration Has Made Already. The narrative that Trump is a friend to the LGBTQA+ community has never made sense.
Trump\u2019s Transgender Ban About Hate, Not Money. The notion that Trump\u2019s discriminatory actions against transgender servicemembers was about cost savings doesn\u2019t meet the most basic standards of scrutiny.
What It's Like Being Trans And In The Military. As hard as it is, I do it so others know that it's okay to be trans.
Transgender Troops Are Fighting For This Country. Will Our Country Fight For Them?. As the mother of a transgender child in Texas, I\u2019m living in a state and indeed in a nation that seems hellbent on discriminating against my 9-year-old son at every turn.
Transgender Airman Defies Trump. \It just makes me very motivated today to continue my training.\u201d
George Takei Offers Blistering Takedown Of Trump's Trans Military Ban. The gloves came off after Trump's latest affront against the LGBT community.
14 Photos Show The Utter Bravery Of Serving While Trans. While transgender service members are busy fighting for their country, Trump is showing cowardice on Twitter.
Transgender Troops. Let us serve; we already are.
Trump\u2019s Transgender Ban. The president's proposed ban on transgender servicepeople is equal parts small and sinister.
Trump's Manic Tweet To Bar Transgender Servicepeople From The US Military Backfires. It comes as no surprise that these tweets should occur now.
Twitter Reacts To Trump's 'Cowardly,' 'Bigoted' Trans Ban. POTUS' tweetstorm about the military left Twitter up in arms.
The Last Letter. What I want you to know now is that that I grew up to be the joyful, courageous leader you believed I could be.
For Transgender Service Members, Donald Trump's Ban Is 'A Shot In The Face'. \I fought for America\u2026 Why not fight for me?\u201d retired Navy SEAL Kristin Beck says.
Trans Vets Rock. It truly cuts deep knowing I was good enough to lay down my life for the USA but can no longer do so.
Mario Cantone. \I know this guy. I have cousins,\ the \SATC\ veteran said.
History Will Remember Transphobic Trump And His Supporters With Contempt. The president and his 63 million followers will be associated with the doldrums of American history.
Transgender Service Members Are Not A Burden, They're Heroic. As history has shown, hate is not what makes America great.
Trump's Ban On Trans People In The Armed Forces Is A Call To Arms. President Donald Trump set the American LGBT community ablaze Wednesday with a series of tweets that communicated his intent
When Will My Country Fight For Me?. Thoughts on the banning of trans military service from a USMC veteran.
Study Finds HIV+ Gay Men With Undetectable Viral Load Will Not Transmit Virus. As a HIV-positive man, 32-year-old Brent is familiar with the stigma surrounding the perceived risks of transmission with
Piers Morgan Is Having A Meltdown About His 'Hate' For 'Absurd' Gender Fluid Movement. \Human beings are male or female. Not whatever they fancy being,\ he said.
Jenny Boylan Reveals Her Gay Agenda. PROVINCETOWN, Mass. \u2014 My wife and I spent the morning riding our bicycles to the beach. It was a beautiful day. Seals dived
How Current Eating Disorder Discourse Fails The LGBTQ Community. And How We Can Change That.. Treatment needs to be a gender diverse and an inclusive environment.
This Bridal Shop Is Under Fire (Again) For Turning Away A Lesbian Couple. W.W. Bridal Boutique's co-owner said it was a matter of \personal convictions.\
Outfest 2017 Highlights. Eleven days of films. Eleven days of events. Eleven days of creating change. One story at a time. Outfest is the leading
'Star Trek' Actor Going Boldly Into On-Camera Gay Romance. \u201cWilson Cruz will be playing my love interest,\ actor Anthony Rapp said at San Diego's Comic-Con.
Watch What Happens When A Hookup Comes Between The 'Indoor Boys'. The lines are blurred even further on the second episode of the queer web series.
An American Drag Legend Opens About Her Journey To Authenticity. Peaches Christ is one of the most well-known queens outside of the \Drag Race\ circuit.
This Short Film About Two Queer Latinx Elders Will Melt Your Heart. \Our queer elders are rarely on screen, and less so if they are of color.\
Kim Davis's Anti-Gay Views Are Going To Cost Her State Big Time. A judge ruled Kentucky liable for legal fees in Davis's case.
Twitter Comes For Creationist Who Wants To 'Take Back' Rainbow From Gays. We could have told this guy this wouldn't end well...
Powerful Photo Shows That Women Aren't The Only Ones Who Get Periods. \Not all people who menstruate are women, and not all women menstruate.\u201d
Trans Wrestler Protests Bathroom Bill. Mack Beggs says prospective laws will \isolate and exclude\ LGBTQ people.
LGBTQ People Sue North Carolina Over New 'Bathroom Bill'. They feel the state's HB 2 replacement is still problematic.
Asia's Youngest Nation Offers A Glimmer Of Hope For LGBTQ Rights. East Timor's first-ever Pride parade was a milestone.
For First Time, Over Half Of World\u2019s HIV-Positive People Are On Drugs To Treat It. LONDON (AP) \u2014 For the first time in the global AIDS epidemic that has spanned four decades and killed 35 million people, more
Dating In My 20's. \Who you are to somebody is going to be more important than who you are not.\
Trudie Styler Explains The Message Behind Her New Queer Teen Movie. \Freak Show\ subtly nods to America's political climate.
Alcohol Use Higher In Bi Youth. Each week,\u00a0LGBT HealthLink, a program of CenterLink,\u00a0and researcher and blogger Corey Prachniak-Rinc\u00f3n bring you a round
A Game Show Winner On His Biggest Jackpot Yet. After the show, Michael\u2019s dream of fatherhood was suddenly in reach.
Getting Naked With A Gay 'Cripple'. As it turns out, most of us have a difficult time talking about disability.
A Texas-Sized Special Session Is Underway Solely To Attack Transgender People. The battle reflects a larger showdown, as far-right extremists become increasingly powerful in the Texas GOP.
Exploring My Queer Identity In Print. It\u2019s not an easy time to be young, queer, and brown.
Here's Why French Queer Activists Hung A Banner Against French President Macron. How easy it seemed for our president to criticize his neighbor\u2019s garden publicly in order to divert the gaze from his own.
Caitlyn Jenner Calls Out Jimmy Kimmel For Jokes About Her Transition. \Guys like you, making some jokes.\
At Prom For Gay Adults, A Second Chance At A Night Worth Remembering. Houston's first-ever gay prom allowed adults who didn't get to enjoy the dance the first time around.
A Safe And Supportive Space For Gender Expansive Children. Our conference is the oldest gathering in the country exclusively for transgender, non-binary and other gender-expansive children and youth.
How \u2018The L Word\u2019 Changed Lesbian Television Forever. You don\u2019t know what you\u2019ve got till it\u2019s gone. When Showtime premiered \u201cThe L Word\u201d in 2004, there had only been a handful
Gay Rights Groups Seek One More Win From Justice Kennedy. Justice Anthony M. Kennedy, the greatest judicial champion of gay rights in the nation\u2019s history, will turn 81 on Sunday
Florist Who Turned Away Gay Couple Wants Supreme Court To Hear Her Case. Barronelle Stutzman hopes to join a baker who rejected another couple's cake in court.
Jussie Smollett, Tituss Burgess And More Back MTV's Push To End Gay Abuse In Chechnya. #EyesOnChechnya aims to spread awareness of the alleged persecution.
Woman Suing Her Gym For Being Trans Inclusive Takes Her Case To State Supreme Court. \This is about me and how I felt unsafe,\ says Yvette Cormier.
Moms. *Trigger Warning
Caitlyn Jenner Is Talking About Running For Office. The Olympian and reality star says she\u2019s interested in a senatorial run.
A \u2018Terrified\u2019 Michelle Visage Chats Drag Past, Present And Future Ahead Of 'Musicals' Night. Tonight, performer and RuPaul\u2019s Drag Race judge, Michelle Visage, will get to step on stage, start her engine and, well, not
Can You Catch All Of The Drag References In This BBC Meteorologist's Forecast?. The time has come...
Join The 'Indoor Boys' On Their Quest To Find Love In Los Angeles. This new web series will add sizzle to your summer.
Here's An Awesome Way To Explain 'Privilege' To Children. \Privilege is something that affects a person\u2019s everyday life no matter what age.\
Rethinking Masculinity. My series encourages viewers to reflect on commonly held definitions and depictions of \u201cmanliness\u201d and its relevance in present-day society.
Vulnerable Republicans Just Showed Why Fighting For Trans Rights Is A Political Winner. Standing firm, energizing activists in the base and resisting \u2015 rather than pandering and caving in \u2015 is actually the way to win.
Liberation. \Together we give encouragement to the young to just be yourself.\
Paula Poundstone Talks New Podcast, Book, Tour & More (AUDIO). This week I talked with comedian Paula Poundstone about her new NPR podcast, new book, current tour and more. Poundstone
Caitlyn Jenner Says She's Working Behind The Scenes With Trump Administration. \The Republicans need help, and I\u2019m there to help them.\
At the Lower East Side Film Festival, Queers Turn Out In Force. Here are some of the festival\u2019s top-billed comedy titles to be on the lookout for.
London Transport Eliminates 'Ladies And Gentlemen' In Favor Of Gender-Neutral Greeting. \We want everyone to feel welcome on our transport network.\
Jazz Jennings Chats With LGBT HealthLink. Each week,\u00a0LGBT HealthLink, a program of CenterLink,\u00a0and researcher and blogger Corey Prachniak-Rinc\u00f3n bring you a round
Exploring The Gay-Straight Divide. It is 3:15 in the morning and my thighs are burning from dancing. I head down with a group of friends to the harbor. We are
Portrait Series Celebrates Diversity in Transgender Community. Having friends and colleagues who are transgender, transgender rights have always been important to me, but especially today
Japanese Youth Are Fearlessly Embracing The Genderless Fashion Movement. \If you care about other people's opinion you become boring, so I'd rather stand out and be different.\
How This Year's Pride Gave Me Hope. As I watched my family at Pride, it started to flicker, the tiniest little ember of hope.
This Tiny, Catholic Island Nation Just Legalized Same-Sex Marriage. Malta embraced gay marriage in spite of church objection.
How Cis Women Are Claiming Their Space In The Drag World. The inspiration for Miss Malice\u2019s drag act, she says, is \u201clesbian pulp novel covers, 60s B-movie heroines and mid-century
Meet The Gay Music Mogul Who Discovered Metallica And White Zombie. The \u201ctender, loving and sometimes self-destructive\u201d Michael Alago opens up in a new documentary.
Jazz Jennings Has A Message \u2013 And A Mission. Jennings is addressing the massive smoking rates in the LGBTQ community.
Why I Will Always Continue To Fight For My Marriage. We knew an army of anti-gay extremists were waging a war against us, our community, our love and same-marriage.
This Couple Want To Prove You Can Be Gay And Muslim With Their Wedding. Jahed Choudhury said husband  Sean Rogan has stood by him \all the way.\
Police Officer Says Yes After Girlfriend Proposes During London Pride Parade. There were lots of happy tears.
The Nomenclature Wars. We have far more important battles ahead, comrades.
I Never Believed I Was \Brave\ For Coming Out As Transgender. It\u2019s still not a term I feel comfortable with.
Why We Need Trans Actors Playing Everyday Roles. New films such as \u201cSpot\u201d are progressing us forward.
This Man Took 'La La Land's' Fictional One-Woman Show And Is Bringing It To The Stage. Get ready for Jimmy Fowlie's big spoof of that almost-Oscar winner.
It's Now Undeniable That LGBTQ Rights Are In Danger Of Being Rolled Back. A powerful minority is trying to get the fix in.
People Read Horrific Messages HIV-Positive People Receive On Grindr. \For people living with HIV, the stigma can often be more damaging than the virus.\
Gay In Nigeria. Michael Ighodaro was attacked by\u00a0homophobes\u00a0in his home city of Abuja when he was waiting for a taxi outside his friend\u2019s
Gay Man And His Mom Open Up About Beautiful Viral Hidden Camera Coming Out Video. \Hearing other people\u2019s stories and seeing the reactions they received helped give me the confidence to come out myself.\
Chick-Fil-A Is Still Bankrolling Anti-LGBTQ Causes. The company\u2019s tax-exempt foundation continues to bankroll anti-LGBTQ organizations with more than $1.4 million in donations.
Are You No. 1?. Each week,\u00a0LGBT HealthLink, a program of CenterLink,\u00a0and researcher and blogger Corey Prachniak-Rinc\u00f3n bring you a round
Sasha Velour Examines Bonds Of Queer Family And Community In New Drag Magazine. \Sister\ is the latest issue from the \Drag Race\ winner's magazine.
LCD Soundsystem\u2019s Gavin Russom Comes Out As Transgender. The musician opened up about her identity in a candid new interview.
Michael and Richard. \u201cWe\u2019re trying to keep up with our much younger child.\
Thanks To Andrew Garfield, I Now Have The Courage To Identify As Straight (Without The Physical Act). I now realize \u2014 deep down \u2014 I am a tried-and-true heterosexual.
How A Friend\u2019s Secret Online Ad Led To This Beautiful Family. The circumstance behind Scott and Joel Tinsley-Hall\u2019s first meeting was incredibly unusual. But as RaiseAChild\u2019s contributing
'Streetkids, A New Musical' Shines A Light On Our Forgotten Trans Community. The show delves into methods of survival, love and loss, including family dynamics.
HARDY. HARDY was launched in response to the turbulent socio-political climate of 2016.
In 2017, How Do We Talk About HIV?. We have a lot of work ahead of us, but I don\u2019t think it\u2019s too much to hope that all my friends, positive or negative, feel equally deserving of love.
LGBTQ Leader Calls On Trump To Address Anti-Gay Chechnya Crisis With Putin. \I urge you to stand with the victims.\
New Religious Movements. We're reaching beyond an inadequate world full of transphobia.
This Baby Is Believed To Be World's First To Not Be Assigned A Gender At Birth. Searyl Atli Doty's health card is marked \U\ rather than \male\ or \female.\
Baker Headed To Supreme Court. Apparently Jesus loves everybody... he just doesn't love making cake for everybody. Or something?
LGBTQ Rights Are Not About YOUR Values. Pride month has come and gone. Despite the notable silence from the current administration, the degree to which members of
Catholic Malta On The Cusp Of Legalizing Same-Sex Marriage. The Mediterranean island nation only legalized divorce six years ago, and abortion remains illegal.
Gender Discrimination. With only 35% of transgender Americans reporting full-time employment, it can feel as though society\u2019s out to undercut our
'Fun Home' Composer Hits Back At Claims Lesbian Character Was 'De-Butched'. Some accused the creators of \selling out\ with casting and costuming.
'Parks And Rec' Star Natalie Morales Comes Out As Queer. \u201cI think it\u2019s important that I tell you that this familiar face you see on your TV is the Q part of LGBTQ.\
Former Teen Idol Tiffany. \u201cYou have to own your mistakes and you have to hold your head up high on the things you believe in.\u201d
LGBTQ Advocates Blast Texas's Same-Sex Marriage Benefit Ruling. One called it a \naked attempt to undermine\ marriage equality.
Drag Queen's Drop From Top Of Double-Decker Bus Into The Splits Has To Be Seen To Be Believed. WOW WOW WOW
How Justice Neil Gorsuch Is Helping Texas Undermine Marriage Equality. \Gorsuch is inviting state courts to put up barriers to marriage equality,\ notes one constitutional scholar.
Texas Supreme Court. Finding no established right to spousal benefits in same-sex marriages, a unanimous Texas Supreme Court on Friday revived
Transgender Teen Killed in Georgia; 14th Reported Trans Murder Victim of 2017. Ava Le\u2019Ray Barrin, 17, of Athens, Ga., has become the 14th transgender homicide victim of 2017, and she is also the youngest
Pride, Prejudice, And The Rainbow Flag. There\u2019s no reason why colors can\u2019t be added.
Miriam Ben-Shalom. Back then, women who refused to fall in line with a male-dominated way of thinking, were shut down immediately.
Senators Introduce First-Ever Resolution To Recognize June As LGBTQ Pride Month. \ud83d\ude4c\ud83c\udffd  \ud83c\udf08  \u2764\ufe0f
The Rainbow Letters. I wish I had known more families like my own \u2014 been reassured from someone that everything would be better than okay in a few years.
Bride Pride Creators Talk July 22nd Event In Provincetown (AUDIO). This week I talked with Ilene Mitnick and Allison Baldwin about Bride Pride the World\u2019s Largest All-Girl Wedding and Renewal
Comedian Cameron Esposito Doesn't Just Love The New Ken Doll... She IS Him. \I literally own 90 percent of new Ken's wardrobe.\
The Gay Bro Code Revisited. I like to think of myself as being a relatively upstanding gay man. I never lie to get lucky, never dump anyone without cause
Equality Starts With Me. A very important part of diversity and inclusion starts with allies.
We Are Proud \u2014 And We\u2019re Still Marching. \We\u2019ve been marching for so long that we should be there already.\
Good And Not-So-Good Cancer News For Queers. Each week,\u00a0LGBT HealthLink, a program of CenterLink,\u00a0and researcher and blogger Corey Prachniak-Rinc\u00f3n bring you a round
Hail, Big Mac, The Lord Is With Thee. Did you know that the fabric of the American family is being torn asunder by a McDonald\u2019s french fry box? Well, it is! -- according
Why I Create Bisexual Comics. As an artist, my best way to resist is to publicly express my most vulnerable and true self through drawings and stories.
Twitter Sends Emotional Thanks To 'Sesame Street' After It Tweets Pride Message. \You guys have made so many childhoods.\
Pride Is Not Just One Month. It's A Lifetime.. It's about so much more than a fun weekend of drinking.
Being Looked At Vs. Being Seen. The film shines a light on the barriers, the beauty and true happiness that comes from living your truth as a person of trans experience.
What The Trump Presidency Means For People Living With HIV/AIDS. The administration has demonstrated startling ignorance and disinterest in grappling with the disease.
What Defines A Queer Icon Today?. To be queer is to be an underdog. To be queer is to be an outsider at perpetual odds with the world and its normativity, binaries
A Rainbow Of 15,000 Balloons Pops Up In New York To Celebrate Pride. Artist Jihan Zencirli wanted to \inspire delight and love\ with her stunning work.
Flashback. But only if you call complaining about queer people getting equal rights \celebrating.\
How Marriage Equality Strengthened Marriage And Changed Religion. Obergefell v. Hodges, the U.S. Supreme Court\u2019s definitive marriage equality verdict, celebrates its second anniversary today
5 LGBTQ Figures Your History Book Probably Left Out. Have you heard of Bayard Rustin?
LGBTQ Philanthropy Grows, Diversifies To Meet New Challenges. The 1969 Stonewall Riots in New York City sparked not only the gay rights movement and Pride Parades around the country \u2014 it
Pride In Mental Health. I had the privilege of speaking with experts, activists, and advocates about the various mental health needs we have in the
Anti-Semitism Again Rises In LGBTQ Chicago. Yesterday, 1,500 people participated in the Dyke March Chicago, and, once again in Chicago, anti-Semitism reared its ugly
33 Fierce Signs Of Resistance From Pride Marches Across The U.S.. \u2764\ufe0f \ud83d\udc9b \ud83d\udc9a \ud83d\udc99 \ud83d\udc9c
Skateboarder Brian Anderson Explains His Challenging Road To Coming Out. \I am so thankful I listened to myself.\
Here's An Amazing Way To Explain Drag Culture To Kids. \u2764\ufe0f \ud83d\udc9b \ud83d\udc9a \ud83d\udc99 \ud83d\udc9c
Diva Devotee Seth Sikes Honors Pride With A Celebratory New Show. Get ready for a night of nonstop Judy, Liza, Bernadette and Babs.
20 LGBTQ Filipino Americans To Celebrate During Pride Month. June is also the month we celebrate Philippine Independence Day.
Remembering The UpStairs Lounge Fire That Killed 32 LGBTQ People. The 1973 arson is one of the deadliest attacks on LGBTQ people in American history.
Cabaret Star Vows To Make America 'Gay Again' With New Album, Tour. Meet Tori Scott, the \Garland for the Grindr era.\
Meet The Megadonor Behind The LGBTQ Rights Movement. \u201cNow is not the time to go sit on the sidelines,\u201d Joe Biden thunders, slamming his fist on a podium branded with the vice
LGBT Pride. The ACLU is fighting back.
What It\u2019s Like To Be The First Openly Trans Mayor In Texas. Herbst\u2019s story has already inspired existing officials to embrace their identities publicly.
Reconciling Being Gay and Muslim With Author Hasan Namir. The eternal struggle between faith and sexuality is often told through the lens of white North American Christians. And while
RuPaul Is Getting A Star On The Walk Of Fame. Shantay, you stay!
Appeals Court Allows Worst Anti-LGBTQ Law Ever To Go Into Effect In Mississippi. The law has far-reaching effects beyond LGBTQ people as well, allowing for broad discrimination against many people.
Janet Mock Is The Role Model We Need In 2017. Janet Mock is the role model we need in 2017.\u00a0The thirty-four-year-old is redefining what it means to be trans through her
Joe Biden Urges LGBTQ Rights Activists To Hold Trump 'Accountable'. \u201cWe\u2019ve come this far because you spoke up for who you are.\
75 Lesbian Ken Dolls, Ranked By Lesbianism. If you\u2019ve been hanging out on the internet lately, you\u2019ve probably seen it
Kelly Clarkson Just Helped A Gay Fan Propose To His Boyfriend. Some people wait a lifetime for a moment like this.
EEOC Files Gender Identity Lawsuit In SDNY. By Katherine Bromberg, Senior Staff Attorney and Mariah Vitali, Legal Intern, New York Legal Assistance Group Every June
My Luxury Week in Costa Rica. DAY 3 To add to the recreational activities Andres, Max, Preston and I went surfing! Luxury Retreats set us up with awesome
James Corden Sends 297 Copies Of 'Philadelphia' To Donald Trump. He hopes to enlighten the president on AIDS.
Most Americans Don't Think Religious-Based Discrimination Should Be Lawful. The tide is turning in support of more open policies toward the LBGTQ community.
Same-Sex Parents Still Face Legal Complications. At gay pride marches around the country this month, there will be celebrations of marriage, a national right that, at just
Florida Rockers Remember Orlando Tragedy With Heartbreaking Song. We the Kings' \Ally\ puts a poignant spin on Pride Month.
No Space, No Matter How Progressive, Is Impermeable To Bigotry. There is no such thing as a safe space, but there is such a thing as safe people.
Is Denver The New San Francisco? Denver's PrideFest Makes You Think So. Though Denver is the nation\u2019s 19th most populous city, its annual PrideFest is the third largest Pride festival in the nation.
Pride in Mental Health. The experts I spoke to all fight tirelessly to connect people to the safe, loving, and supportive relationships they need and deserve.
Gay Men's Chorus Drown Out Homophobic Protesters With Heartfelt Performance. The men aim to prove that \u201clove always wins over hate.\u201d
Former Patriots and Chiefs Tackle Ryan O\u2019Callaghan Comes Out As Gay. Editor\u2019s note
This Stunning Video Aims To Raise LGBTQ Awareness Through Dance. The Hollywood streets haven't looked this romantic since \La La Land.\
New Video Breaks Down Why Hollywood Needs Transgender Actors. \u201cWhen cis people play trans parts, they\u2019re focused on playing trans. When we play a trans role, we play a character.\u201d
Power Of Pride. \The most impactful thing to me is watching folks, young and old, truly embrace who they are.\
Model Isis King Talks Her Transition, Homelessness and 'Top Model'. By Matt Valdez, Hey Qween TV You may know her as the first transgender model to ever compete on \u201cAmerica\u2019s Next Top Model
Camping Out. \Camp\ Camp embraces inclusion, respect, acceptance, and diversity.
Is Pride Still for Queer People Like Me?. \u201cYou going to the parade?\u201d It was Pride weekend last year in Chicago, and my friend Jen and I were sitting on my front porch
'We Mourn, We Fight, We Love'. In the early morning hours of November 9, 2016, I began to accept the reality that Donald Trump would be the next President
School Employee May Be Fired For Claiming Gays 'Should Be Killed' On Facebook. Chris Dodds said he hoped the local pride event would end up like the Boston Marathon bombing.
What a Long, Strange Trip It's Been. \It occurs to me that this is my 30th year of taking HIV tests. Thirty years living in the shadow of HIV/AIDS. Thirty years of doing postmortems after every new sexual encounter to assess whether transmission may have occurred.\
Historic Gathering Of API Transmasculine People Set For August In California. \\u201cThere\u2019s no representation of us in the media. We\u2019re going from one set of stereotypes to another set of stereotypes.\
The Road To Opening A New LGBTQ Bar In America. \Opening a new LGBTQ space in America during a time when it\u2019s very easy to feel alone is a feeling I wish we could bottle and share.\
3 Truths Every Gay Millennial Must Know [Pride Month Exclusive]. Six industries, 30 cities, and seven ex-boyfriends later, I find myself fully engulfed by the second chapter in my pursuit
Six Top Experts Resigned From Donald Trump's HIV/AIDS Advisory Panel. And the big question is, what are the other 15 panel members waiting for?
Gay Rapper Cazwell Wants To 'Make America Femme Again'. \We have to be more visible than ever and I hope I inspire that.\u201d
Former Pro Tennis Player And Gay Dad Sounds Off On Margaret Court's Homophobia. The one-time Top 100 player talks about the joys of being a father and why Court\u2019s words hurt.
The Fierce Dads Of Gender Non-Conforming Kids. Men are gradually rejecting society's stereotypical ideas of \proper\ male roles.
A Brother And Sister Fall For The Same Guy In This New Indie Comedy. \I Love You Both\ is written by a real-life sibling team, too.
A Follow Up To 'For LGBTQ Survivors, \u2018Pride\u2019 Isn\u2019t Always A Source Of Pride'. I\u2019ve been reading through the comments and messages I\u2019ve received about the article I published last week entitled \u201cFor LGBTQ
The Temple Of Fitness. My military family raised me to be ready for anything. Working out with my dad prepared me to encounter my true self.
The Lesbians That Founded The Gay Village And The Mafia Alliance They Made For Protection. They were the epitome of feminine beauty wrapped in a Brooks Brothers suit.
Trans Employee Sues McDonald's For 'Extreme Sexual Harassment,' Discrimination. La\u2019Ray Reed says she was fired after complaining about the abuse to managers.
Religious Freedom And LGBTQ Rights Move From Battleground To Common Ground. Lakshman Kalasapudi is a volunteer for SALGA-NYC, a non-profit organization serving the South Asian LGBTQ community. He is
Gay Teacher Of The Year Fans LGBTQ Pride In Viral Photo With Donald Trump. Nikos Giannopoulos honored the LGBTQ community when he visited the White House.
Laverne Cox Opens Up About Cisgender Actors Playing Transgender Women. She also expounds on the racism baked into the Electoral College.
'A' Is For Asexual. \Guess what, Equinox? Videos like yours that erase Asexuality from the equation completely just perpetuate a system where young Asexuals continue feeling 'broken.'\
Congratulations \u2013 And Thank You \u2013 To These Pioneering Transgender Student Graduates. Ash Whitaker \u2022 Kenosha, Wisconsin On Tuesday, May 30 Ash Whitaker, his mother, and his legal team at the National Center
No, Going To Pride Week As An Ally Doesn\u2019t 'Make You Gay'. Pride Week is a safe space for people to express how they feel without facing the scrutiny that comes with being a member of the LGBTQ+ community.
2 Gay Men Open Up About Alleged Torture In Chechnya. They're since fled the region, but fear being hunted down.
Boomer Banks On Why We Shouldn't Say 'No Blacks, No Asians, No Fats or Fems'. The fashion designer and adult entertainer posted a photo of a sign at the DC Equality March that caused a bit of a storm on social media.
Catholics Should Accept and Love All LGBTQ People. Last year, a gunman stormed into the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, a place frequented by many in the gay community, and killed
Here's A Great Way To Explain LGBTQ Pride Month To Kids. Annnnnd a fun song!
To Abercrombie & Fitch. LGBTQ Pride Month began as a means for us to fight for our basic human rights.
The Long, Lonely Road Of Chelsea Manning. On a gray morning this spring, Chelsea Manning climbed into the back seat of a black S.U.V. and directed her security guard
Why Are Southern Baptists So Afraid Of LGBTQ Inclusion?. Today was another sad day in the history of the Southern Baptist Convention.
The Case Against Street Preachers At Pride Week. It's difficult to feel loved when somebody's screaming at you.
Sparkle Boy. Lori Duron interviews Lesl\u00e9a Newman about her book featuring a little boy who loves things that sparkle, shimmer and glitter.
Being An Ally Means Sometimes Having To Say You\u2019re Sorry. \I\u2019ve had it with crappy allies.\
Anti-LGBTQ Protestor Arrested Outside Pulse On Anniversary Of Attack. Vigil attendees drowned him out with chants of \love over hate!\
How \u2018Snowflake\u2019 Became America\u2019s Inescapable Tough-Guy Taunt. Every age has its own preferred terms of political emasculation. Teddy Roosevelt called Woodrow Wilson a \u201cwhite-handy Miss
Atlanta Celebrates Pride By Announcing Permanent Rainbow Crosswalk. \u201cIt signifies that the LGBTQ community is part of Atlanta\u2019s story.\u201d
A Letter To My Daughter From Her Queer Mom. \I want you to know that even though some people don\u2019t understand a family like ours, our family is perfect and whole and healthy.\
Planning LGBTQ+ Weddings In A Post-Marriage Equality World. The fear of experiencing rejection when planning one of the biggest days of our lives can be paralyzing. And the fear is not unfounded.
Here's Why Journalists Should Ask For Preferred Pronouns. How can we as journalists write about injustice while wronging someone who very likely put their trust in us?
A Sadder Pride Because Of Washington Inaction. As a community, LGBT Americans have always been forced to confront hate. Guns have just made it easier for people to turn their hatred into bloodshed.
The LGBT Hunger Crisis You Never Knew Existed. Did you know that one in four LGBT adults reported not having enough money to feed themselves in the past year? How does
Here's How You Can Honor The Victims Of The Pulse Massacre. #HonorThemWithAction
'RuPaul's Drag Race' Finalists Reflect On The Pulse Tragedy. \No one should go through life fearing what possibly could happen.\
Transgender Women Attacked After Leaving Brooklyn Gay Bar. Two transgender women were attacked after partying at a Brooklyn gay bar over the weekend, cops said Monday. The two women
Ramadan Care Package Program Supports Incarcerated LGBT Muslims. Our prison system serves to isolate people, cut people off from the world. This is doubly true for LGBT people of faith.
Gay Couples Fight To Be Included On Birth Certificates. Lesbian couples in Indiana and Arkansas that have used artificial insemination say they should be treated like heterosexual
The Orlando Massacre. Orlando reminded us why it is so important that we keep raising our voices.
This Week. Each week,\u00a0LGBT HealthLink, a program of CenterLink,\u00a0and researcher and blogger Corey Prachniak-Rinc\u00f3n bring you a round
One Year Later, What Can We Learn From The Orlando Shooting?. In all of my conversations with the survivors, I couldn\u2019t help but notice one consistent theme...
One Year After Pulse, America Remains Morally Bankrupt. It bears questioning how our nation can remain so stoic in response to such carnage.
We Prayed For Orlando. Now, Let's Never Forget Orlando. It would be a disservice to the 49 human lives we lost if we didn't continue to fight.
New Report On LGBTQ And HIV-Affected Hate Shines Light On Dangers Queer People Face. Hate violence is occurring at schools, workplaces, in our homes and communities.
The Pulse Shooting Changed Our World, But We Are Still Here. Even as attackers aim to destroy our places of refuge, we stand strong.
Out Of The Closet And Into The Streets!. As soon as we mentioned that we were attending our youngest son, Leo (16), wanted to join us without any prompting, which
Pulse Nightclub Shooting. One year ago today, 49 people were killed in the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando
Since The Tragedy, America Has Failed The Pulse Shooting Victims. We have not moved on, we have moved backward.
We Must Mourn Victims Of Orlando, But Must Also Stop Future Terror Attacks Like It. Follow me on twitter
11 Of The Most Powerful Blogs Written In The Wake Of The Pulse Massacre. Grief, anger and solidarity can be powerful tools for building community.
What It's Like To Be A Trans Actor In Hollywood. This is the first installment of ScreenCrush\u2019s new franchise Our Hollywood, a month-long series about the past, present and
Tituss Burgess On LGBTQ Homeless Youth. The number of youths experiencing homelessness is increasing, and it has been for a decade. That\u2019s why the partnership between
Here's What Happened When I Went To Queer Summer Camp. For one week, A-Camp creates a magical place to witness and support our community.
Here Are Some Of The Best Signs From The Equality And Resist Marches. \ud83d\udcaa\ud83c\udffc \ud83d\ude02  \u2764\ufe0f
Trump Walk Of Fame Star Vandalized Again, This Time During Pride 'Resist' March. Don't worry, this wasn't anything like the previous pickax attack.
Girls On Soccer Team Cut Hair To Support Teammate Mistaken For Boy. The team was disqualified from the playoffs, and she believes her hair played a role.
Protesters Disrupt D.C. Pride Parade, Seek A 'Different Vision' For The Event. Parade organizers are pressed to break ties with \police, prisons and pipelines.\
FDA Approves Generic Truvada For HIV Treatment And PrEP. In a move that has taken HIV advocates by surprise and stewed considerable confusion, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
St. Louis Cardinals Featuring Anti-LGBT Speaker At \u2018Christian Day\u2019. Berkman says \u2018tolerance\u2019 is destroying America.
For Those We Lost And Those Who Survived. Looking back at an unspeakable tragedy \u2013 and looking ahead for the communities that will never be the same.
NYC Pride Managing Director Chris Frederick Shows New York City How Much Power There Is In Pride!. Look, you have Deborah Cox and Patti LaBelle performing; the boys are showing up! (laughs) i hope so! You know, that was
Gay Rapper Releases First Music Video Since 2014 Gay-Bashing Broke 7 Facial Bones. The incident left him too traumatized to record for nearly two years.
A Gay Trans Man And His Partner Open Up About Being Pregnant With Their First Child. \I wanted to have the experience -- I think it is neat I get to be a man and carry a baby.\
It\u2019s 2017. Where Are The Queer Horror Characters?. Pride Month is here again.\u00a0 This year we celebrate two years since the Supreme Court decision for marriage equality.\u00a0 We
Scissor Sisters And MNDR Release Tribute Song For Pulse Massacre Victims. Are you ready to SWERLK?
The Orlando Massacre Was Much More Than A Wake-Up Call About Hate. It was a harbinger of a world in which LGBTQ equality is terribly fragile.
The Babadook Is The LGBTQ+ Icon 2017 Needs. In case you missed it, the Babadook is now an LGBTQ+ icon. After being mistakenly listed in the \u201cLGBT\u201d section on Netflix
Why Pride Still Tickles In 2017. \Pride still reminds me of the moment I took in the crowd and saw someone that reminded me of myself, but instead with a generous smile and a stronger gaze.\
One Year Since the Orlando Massacre. OutRight Action International honors and remembers the victims of the shooting on Latin Night at Pulse Club in Orlando one
How The Alt-Right Is Using Sex And Camp To Attract Gay Men To Fascism. At the National Policy Institute\u2019s 2015 conference, alt-right star Richard Spencer\u2019s annual Nazi-fest, a speaker named Jack
GOP Activist Prays For Pro-LGBTQ Texas Legislators And Staffs To 'Rot And Be Blown Away'. Steven Hotze is allied with Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick, determined to get an anti-trans \bathroom\ bill passed.
Rick McCarthy Talks Provincetown International Film Festival & More (AUDIO). This week I talked with Rick McCarthy, President of the Board of Directors of the Provincetown Film Society about the Provincetown
How My Queerness Shapes How I Cope with My Chronic Illness. I was already in the closet once before in my life, and I am not about to go back in it.
America\u2019s Hidden H.I.V. Epidemic. Early on a balmy morning last October, Cedric Sturdevant began his rounds along the bumpy streets and back roads of Jackson
Gay Teen Athlete Used Weightlifting To Keep From Killing Himself. We have all heard that exercise is good for the body, but for me weightlifting and powerlifting have been more than just
Equinox Explores The Fundamentals Of LGBTQ Life In Stunning New Pride Video. The clip uses the alphabet to express \the color, variation and realness\ of identity.
The Pioneering Queer Artists Who Opened Vietnam To Gay Culture. Truong Tan\u2019s catalogue for his first solo exhibition in 1994 documents his tentative exploration of performance art and frequent
A Letter To Texas On Spaceflight, Dreams And Transgender Kids. To those who may have been silent about injustices in the past \u2014 it is never too late to speak out.
This Pride Month, Think About The Power Of Your Pronoun. The need for allies of people who are transgender and gender nonconforming has never been stronger.
Why Is ICE Closing Its Only Detention Center for Transgender Detainees?. The story of detainee Greta Soto Moreno highlights the violence experienced by transgender immigrants\u2014and the complicated
Betsy DeVos Won't Protect LGBT Students, So We Have To. Enough waiting for the power brokers to get their act together.
Pride In Our Identities And The Public Health Of Gay Men. I recently have begun working on my new book, examining the experiences of coming out across time and across generations
Pittsburgh Pridefest. You have roots and branches. We need both.
The Ghosts In The Floorboards. \This time of the year evokes the ghosts of many a lost talent who seem to rise up from forgotten bars, crumbling piers and unrecognizable landscapes, envisioning glass houses of the future with nothing to hide.\
LGBTQ Wellness. Each week,\u00a0LGBT HealthLink, a program of CenterLink,\u00a0and researcher and blogger Corey Prachniak-Rinc\u00f3n bring you a round
Liam Gallagher Offers Rock Star Advice To His Kids On Sexuality, Drugs. Who said bad boys can't be wise?
John McEnroe Offers No Mercy To Homophobic Tennis Star In Scathing Video. He's got an epic plan for the Margaret Court Arena, too.
London Terror Witness Vows To Drink And 'Flirt With Handsome Men' In Defiance Of Attackers. Here's to hoping Richard Angell is living his best life.
An Interview With Pioneering Trans Activist And Author, Riki Wilchins. I had the pleasure last week of interviewing one of America\u2019s pioneering trans activists and writers, who began her work
Awards Show Recognizes Positive Representations Of Bisexuals On TV. \When a television network, TV show or actor is brave enough to portray a bisexual character, it can\u2019t be taken for granted.\
Britney Spears Wrote A Love Letter To Her LGBTQ Fans For Pride Month. \You see, it's actually you that lifts me up.\
'Frozen' Is Feminist And Queer. Here's How To Help Kids Understand That.. #GiveElsaAGirlfriend
A 'Drag Race' Queen Kicks Off Pride By Re-Creating A Queer Classic. Judy and Babs would be proud.
Last Words. \I want people to know that I\u2019m here to spread love.\
Celebrate Pride Month With Logo's Beautiful Animations Of Historic LGBTQ Icons. Added bonus
The Insidious Reason Why Ivanka Trump Is So Dangerous To LGBTQ Rights. She's a weapon of the haters, a P.R. tool used to soften the edges of a destructive administration.
A Comprehensive, Annotated List Of Everything Ivanka Trump's Done For LGBTQ Equality. It's a doozy.
What\u2019s The Deal With The Lack Of LGBT Stock Photography?. A Chief Diversity Officer (CDO) from a Fortune 500 that I have worked with in the past gave me a call and asked me, \u201cDo you
Special Collaboration Offers You A New Way To Help Support LGBTQ Homeless Youth. 40 percent of homeless youth identify as LGBTQ,
Has LGBTQ Pride Lost Its Way?. Where is Pride going?
These Two Univ. of Minnesota Teammates Open Up About Falling In Love. Justin Rabon and Brad Neumann have been together for over two years.
Two Queer Vultures Become Parents After Hatching Abandoned Egg. The lovebirds, residing in Amsterdam, have been a couple for several years.
Instagram's Latest Colorful Move For LGBTQ People Is A Must-See. Here's one way to use a wall to encourage unity rather than division.
Trump Remains Silent On LGBTQ Pride Month. Deafening silence from the supposed \u201cmost gay-friendly Republican nominee for president ever.\
Martina Navratilova Pens Scathing Letter Slamming 'Homophobic,' 'Racist' Tennis Star. The tennis great is calling for Margaret Court Arena to change its name.
Gay Man Makes History By Marrying Cop Killed In Terrorist Attack. The posthumous wedding is believed to be a first for France and the world.
Haven't They Suffered Enough. A conservative estimate would put over 200,000 homeless LGBTQ youth on the streets of the United States. There are fewer than 500 beds dedicated to them.
Blogging For LGBTQ Families Day. Today is the annual Blogging for LGBTQ Families Day, organized by Mombian, GLAAD, Family Equality Council and HRC with support
LGBT Families At Risk In New Budget. LGBT families aren\u2019t alone in having their economic security jeopardized by these actions.
Theresa May Visited A Homophobic Christian Fundamentalist Church. How can gay voters trust her?
Here's How A Landmark Ruling On Trans Teens' Rights Could Have A Colossal Impact On Schools. Many school districts may be influenced to treat trans students equally right now.
Paragraph 175 Revisited. Transgender rights are near nonexistent in the United States. The Russian government openly supports the persecution of LGBT
Amie Klujian Talks Back Lot Bash Women\u2019s Festival For Chicago Pride (AUDIO). This week I talked with Amie Klujian, Co-Founder of Back Lot Bash Chicago\u2019s most attended women\u2019s festival that takes place
Edie Windsor To Receive Huge Honor From The Trevor Project. \ud83d\udc9c \ud83d\udc99 \ud83d\udc9a \ud83d\udc9b \u2764\ufe0f
Billy Eichner. We have seen a ton of progress on television. If you compare things to when I was a kid, things have drastically changed
Logo Releases List Of Companies That Publicly Support The LGBTQ Community. \Each of these companies is delivering a message of inclusion, diversity and equality that is needed now more than ever.\
Gus Kenworthy And Other Queer Stars Strip Down For A Powerful Reason. The new \Celebrate Yourself\ campaign benefits LGBTQ youth.
Exploring Masculinity, Queer Expression And Self Identity Through Illustration. A celebration of male beauty and sexuality
The Ex-Gay Movement Provided A \u201cSafe Space\u201d For Hating Myself. I lived in that stew of hate and fear for nearly 20 years.
Russian Retail Store Displays Sign Reading 'No Entry For Faggots'. \Our planet is full of filth and sick humans,\ the owner said.
LGBTQ Community Faces An 'Invisible' Hollywood Summer Movie Season. Studios are still lagging way behind.
Ireland Could Soon Make History By Electing Its First Gay Premier. Leo Varadkar's victory would show another face of the Catholic country.
Tops See Their Holes For The First Time. It was time for these men to check in with their wonderful bums.
Man Offers Beautiful Ode To All Of The Positive Things About Being Trans. \The further along in my transition I\u2019ve gotten... the more positives I can see.\u201d
White House Facebook Page Snubs Gay Prime Minister's Husband, Fixes It After Backlash. A spokesperson said the omission was likely an \oversight.\ Others called it \homophobic.\
Can Gay Men Still Say The Word 'Faggot'?. \Language is important and the context it's used in is very key.\
Last Words. \I\u2019m still trying to accept people\u2019s love and their words and really take it to heart and believe it.\
Kylie as Human Anti-Depressant. 5. X (2007):\u00a0Kylie\u2019s\u00a0return to the studio after her terrifying (for all of us) brush with death is less an album proper and
Why Aren't There More Events Catering to L.A.'s Black LGBTQ Community?. \u201cWe have become a gay mecca for a lot of people of color,\u201d says Sean/Milan, the social enterprise program manager for REACH
Indonesia Launches New Police Force To Investigate LGBTQ Community. The move comes at a time of uncertainty for queer Indonesians.
Queer Characters Are Woefully Underrepresented On The Big Screen, Report Finds. A new GLAAD study examines a troubling reality for LGBTQ people in Hollywood.
History-Making Queer Play Sheds Light On A Unique Relationship Challenge. \Rotterdam\ became the first Olivier-winning play to feature a trans protagonist.
Cuts To AIDS Treatment Programs Could Cost A Million Lives. WASHINGTON \u2014 At least one million people will die in sub-Saharan Africa and elsewhere, researchers and advocates said on
French TV Host Plays Cruel Joke On Gay Men And Sparks Global Backlash. Cyril Hanouna's prank was condemned by businesses and advocacy groups alike.
NYC Pride Will Make TV History With 2017 Broadcast. What an excellent idea!
Adorable Animated Film Offers Beautiful Story Of Two Boys Falling In Love. \u2764\ufe0f \ud83d\udc9b \ud83d\udc9a \ud83d\udc99 \ud83d\udc9c
Good Riddance, Conversion \u2018Therapy\u2019; Say \u2018Hey\u2019 To Bloodletting And Lobotomies When You See \u2018Em. We don't \own\ our children. We don't have the right to subject them to a medical procedure based upon a moral diagnosis.
Rev. Edmonds-Allen Talks LGBTQ Religious Freedom Glitter Celebration (AUDIO). This week I talked with Rev. Marian Edmonds-Allen, Executive Director of Parity about the Glitter+Fire event encouraging
Poppers, Therapy, And Birth Certificates All In This Week's LGBTQ Health Roundup. Each week,\u00a0LGBT HealthLink, a Program of CenterLink,\u00a0and researcher and blogger Corey Prachniak-Rinc\u00f3n bring you a round
NHL Athlete Offers The Worst Non-Apology For A Slur In Sports History. Getzlaf takes no responsibility for the slur.
Being Ostracized As A Transgender Person Is Psychological Manslaughter \u2013 At Best. I am more than hurt. I feel as if I have been violated.
With All Eyes On Trump, Texas May Soon Pass Horrific Anti-LGBTQ Laws. Amendments to bills would allow nurses, lawyers and pharmacists  to discriminate on religious grounds and restrict bathroom use for trans students.
Reimagining Families. To mark National Foster Care Awareness Month in this RaiseAChild \u201cLet Love Define Family\u00ae\u201d series installment, contributing
Julie Andrews. What a practically perfect view! \u2602\ufe0f
Last Words. \I\u2019m very grateful to anybody who loves me, and I love them back.\
15 Times Queer Christians And Their Allies Fought The Good Fight For Equality. These moments gives us hope.
Trans Community Tweets Their Chucks To Honor Chelsea Manning\u2019s Freedom. Manning posted a photo of her Converse sneakers on Wednesday with the caption \u201cFirst steps of freedom.\u201d
Hallmark Now Offers Cards For Transgender Loved Ones. More of this please!
Stand by Your Dying Man. \ I ask him how he felt on the inside when he realized that this disease was primarily affecting gay men and what his fears were...\
Get Ready For A 'Golden Girls' Version Of The Classic Game Clue. Who ate the last piece of cheesecake? You decide.
Here's A Brilliant Way To Explain What 'Consent' Means To Kids. \NO means NO and YES means YES!\
50 Activists Fighting For LGBTQ Rights in 50 States. There is no one way to be an LGBTQ rights advocate. You could be the director of a non-profit organization working to protect
Catholic School Teacher Says He Was Fired After Students Outed Him As Gay. CHICAGO\u00a0\u2014 A religion teacher at one of the city\u2019s most prestigious private high schools said he was harassed and threatened
Chelsea Manning Shares First Photo Of Herself Since Leaving Prison. It's the first the public has seen of the whistle-blower in years.
New Coming-Of-Age Film Tackles Homophobia In A Heartfelt Way. \Handsome Devil\ could very well be Ireland's answer to \Moonlight.\
What Happens When You Assume The Gender Of One\u2019s Spouse?. In the past, LGBT people were not at the forefront of society like we are today. It just wasn\u2019t talked about. Now, LGBT rights
They Tell Me I'm A Queerspawn. I\u2019ve never had a tribe before. I don\u2019t know if I want one.
Beirut Gay Pride Event A First For Lebanon. (CNN)The first ever gay pride event is taking place this week in Lebanon, a country where homosexual acts are still considered
Broadway Diva Defends Marriage Equality In A Powerful New Song. Karen Mason first sang \It's About Time\ at the 2011 wedding of two gay pals.
Here's The George Michael Tribute Queer People Have Been Waiting For. A Polish couple hope to \change the world\ through the pop legend's music.
In A First, A Transgender Woman's Killer Sentenced Under Hate Crime Law. Joshua Vallum was sentenced to 49 years in prison.
Why Singapore's Pride Organizers Are Telling Outsiders To Stay Away. Officials said they had \no choice.\
Teacher Resigns After Sending Shockingly Anti-Gay Letter To Student Newspaper. Michael Stack cited a Bible passage that claimed gay people \deserve to die.\
'The Flash' Star Comes Out In Powerful Instagram Post. \I hope we can all learn to embrace who we are & not judge people who aren't exactly the same as us,\ wrote Keiynan Lonsdale.
Vanessa Daniel Talks Groundswell\u2019s New Liberation Fund (AUDIO). This week I talked with Vanessa Daniel, Founder and Executive Director of Groundswell Fund the largest funder of the U.S
Here's A Great Way To Explain What It Means To Be Gay To Kids. \ud83d\udc9c \ud83d\udc99 \ud83d\udc9a \ud83d\udc9b \u2764\ufe0f
Consent as emPWRment. I saw PWR BTTM last February in Los Angeles. The show changed my life. I went from being a transgender man who cared about
As An LGBTQ Advocate, I Needed More From The Education System. I was one of many who, due to my sexuality and love of show tunes, just \u201cdidn\u2019t fit in.\u201d
As A Trans Woman, I'm Grateful For A Mother Who Accepts Me. I am profoundly thankful for a mother who truly sees me as her daughter.
Here's Some New Gay Slang And Terminology To Brighten Your Sunday. Justin Sayre wants something other than just \ud83c\udf51  and \ud83c\udf46
Cheers! Christian Siriano Reveals New Wine Bottles Bearing His Designs. His latest project is a nod to 1960s Palm Springs. \ud83c\udf38 \ud83c\udf38 \ud83c\udf38
Last Words. \I think I did the best I could at the time.
Meet The Man Who Could Be America's First Openly Trans Male Judge. If elected, Henry Sias would make history.
DJ Cassidy Talks New Single 'Honor,' Compares Out Star Alex Newell To Sylvester. Perhaps no collaboration is a greater nod to the era than \u201cKill the Lights,\u201d recorded with Alex Newell. After being introduced
Making Room In Mother's Day For My Two Mothers. There is no \u201cincorrect\u201d way to be a family.
James Woods Goes After Anderson Cooper With Homophobic 'Butt Plug' Tweet. The Oscar-nonimated actor chose a decidedly offensive way to express his displeasure with the CNN anchor.
Barry Manilow. \I didn't know what was going to happen.\
These Men Became House Flippers So They Could Start A Family. Meet Josh and Joey aka The Property Gays
Mother's Day, Father's Day And Making LGBTQ Families Visible. In times like these, simply being visible as an LGBTQ-headed family takes on a new importance.
Happy Mother's Day To The Moms Leading The Fight For Trans Students. Transgender kids have people who can and will support them.
Gay College Volleyball Player Uses Class Project To Come Out. \u201cI know that there are a lot of people out there that are struggling in silence.\u201d
The Magic Of \Sweat\. This play is a play designed to heal.
How Doctors Can Stop Shutting Marginalized Groups Out Of The Health Care System. By becoming comfortable initiating conversations about sexual activity, medical professionals will be able to talk frankly and effectively about sexuality and pleasure.
Persistence Made Perfect For These Moms. \u201cBeing a parent, your heart has to be open and prepared for those risks. Just because there are risks doesn\u2019t mean you shouldn\u2019t try.\u201d
Lady Bunny Sounds Off On Donald Trump And Political Correctness. \If this presidential election was any indication, we need more brutally honest dialogues, not fewer.\
Trump's Army Secretary Pick Is Victim Of 'Gay Gestapo,' Right Wing Activists Claim. Mark Green faced criticism because of his history of anti-LGBTQ comments.
Man Smashes Pie In Airline CEO's Face For Supporting Same-Sex Marriage. Talk about a sticky situation.
A Prayer For Black Trans Women. At least nine trans women have been murdered in 2017. Dee Dee Watters offered this powerful Prayer for Black Trans Women
Britain Considering Reducing Gay Blood Donor Deferral Period From 12 To 3 Months. An advisory committee is understood to have decided that the current deferral period, in which men cannot give blood within
Army Leaker Chelsea Manning On Impending Freedom. \Freedom used to be something that I dreamed of but never allowed myself to fully imagine.\
Trolls Come For Debra Messing Following Her Message To Ivanka Trump. \ud83d\ude44  \ud83d\ude44  \ud83d\ude44
For Her New Act, A 'Drag Race' Queen Becomes A Broadway Chanteuse. Alexis Michelle showcases her musical theater chops on the New York stage.
No, LGBTQ Americans Aren\u2019t In The Clear After Trump\u2019s Religious Liberty Order. There\u2019s a history of Republican presidents stringing along the Christian right until it's needed.
Transgender Youth Are Being Failed By Nearly All 50 States. Last week a new Executive Order laid the groundwork for permitting discrimination against transgender and other individuals
Dear Donald Trump. Dear Donald Trump
Here's The Perfect Way To Explain Asexuality To Kids (And Adults Too!). What if we all started to think of sexuality AND romance being on a spectrum?
Debra Messing Goes After Ivanka Trump In Scathing GLAAD Acceptance Speech. The \Will & Grace\ star had some choice words for the first daughter.
Stephen Colbert To Face FCC Investigation Over 'Homophobic' Donald Trump Joke. It turns out calling the president a \cock holster\ on TV may be against federal regulations.
Transgender Woman Found Beaten With Head Injury On Manhattan Sidewalk Dies. Police said her injuries were not from a fall or self-inflicted.
Last Words. \A lot of people think I\u2019m a character but this is just who I am.\
Keep LOVING Out Loud And Be Damn PROUD Of It!. When I sang the wonderful and profound words of Joni Mitchell,\u00a0\u201cTears and fears and feeling proud, to say I love you right
New Musical Shines Light On 'Paris Is Burning' Star And The Mummified Man Found In Her Closet. A chat with the playwright about the legendary figure with a very big secret.
Queer Dance Party To Protest 'Religious Liberty' Executive Order At White House. \Stand up fiercely for those who can\u2019t.\
Chechen Authorities Allegedly Tell Parents. It keeps getting worse.
#GayTheFourth. The Star Wars universe has not featured a single LGBTQ character in a film or television show.
'3 Generations' Stars Discuss The Power Of Telling Trans Stories. The movie hits theaters Friday.
Queer Community Ready To Wage War On Trump's Rumored 'Religious Freedom' Order. The planned legislation is \a license to discriminate,\ they say.
Funeral Home Sued For Allegedly Refusing To Cremate Gay Man's Body. \Discrimination in death is unacceptable.\
Courtney Act Discusses Her New Show And Drag In The Age Of Trump. \I think it\u2019s now more important than ever for people to be visible and colorful and political.\
LGBTQ Activists Protesting Alleged Chechen Abuse Arrested In Russia. About 17 people are reported to have been detained.
Angela Merkel Calls On Putin To Protect Gay Men In Chechnya. The German Chancellor discussed the alarming reports during a joint news conference.
We Need To Stop Making Gay Jokes About Trump And Putin. Casual homophobia yields nothing positive.
Could We Have Already Seen Queer Characters In Marvel Films And Not Even Know It?. The \Guardians of the Galaxy\ director seems to think so.
Supreme Court Keeps California's 'Gay Conversion' Therapy Ban In Place. The practice has been illegal in the state since 2012.
How This Trans Actress Was Happily Proven Wrong About Show Business. Aneesh Sheth is \very blessed\ to have found her voice on the New York stage.
Wyoming Residents Troll Homophobic Senator In The Most Delightful Way. Here's one way to keep bigotry on its toes.
Improving The LGBT Experience Within The Workplace. Some advice on helping to create a better company culture for the LGBT workers.
Why Donald Trump's Second 100 Days Will Be Even Worse For LGBTQ Equality. He needs his base, including the Christian right, to back him more than ever.
The Musical Legacy of Gay Bathhouses. Sex usually comes with its own soundtrack, natural or synthesized, but the music of gay bathhouses, saunas and sex clubs
30 Years Of Gay Style. When he was studying at Central Saint Martins, London, in the late 00s, Craig Green wrote his dissertation on the adoption
Pop Divas, Gay Glitz And The Struggle Underneath. I was at a gay bar with some friends to watch this year\u2019s Super Bowl. Up until the halftime show, most of us had not been
My Bisexuality Is Valid. Stepping beyond the confines of rigid sexuality was both difficult and liberating.
Life of Agony's Mina Caputo. As long-running band readies first album since singer\u2019s transition, its members explain how years of anguish led to a brighter
Last Words. \I work for my community with no obligation and that\u2019s the best attitude that you can have because your future is going to be brighter.\
Gay Concentration Camps. Turn anger, fear, grief into action.
Peppermint Opens Up About Coming Out As Trans On 'RuPaul's Drag Race'. \I really just kind of wanted to become who I was supposed to be and continue to do what I was always meant to do \u2013 and I did!\
Thank You, Ellen. Twenty years ago this week, I was tucked away at a back-corner table, in my Catholic high school library, reading Ellen DeGeneres
Donovan and Eric. These dads see their union, and their two kids, as just the beginning.
Why We Need Transgender Candidates. I'm running for office because no one like me has ever had a voice at the table in my city or state.
Hey Qween Team Mentoring Up-And-Coming Queens With 'Pimp My Drag'. By Matt Valdez, Hey Qween TV Listen up all you newbie drag queens out there, the Hey Qween team wants to pimp your drag! This
#AMPLIFYing The Narrative. The platform is a vehicle for conveying the perspectives within Pittsburgh's queer community.
When I Own My Sexuality, Will I Need Queer Visibility Any Less?. It began at a time when I didn\u2019t know the why. Why it mattered so much to see two women walking down the street holding hands
Queer Women Travel Sites To Inspire Your Perfect Vacation. Nowadays, fashion influencers traveling the globe are a dime a dozen. But, Danielle Cooper of She\u2019s a Gent has one of the
Troll This Politician And He Just Might Call Your Grandma -- Literally. Don't mess with Rep. Brian Sims \ud83d\ude42
The C.E.O. Of H.I.V.. Last May, at the height of the Democratic presidential campaign, two weeks before the California primary, Bernie Sanders
Not Just a Victim. An important voice often left out of the conversation on sexual assault has emerged. And it must be heard. Josh \u201cZeke\u201d Thomas
Here's Why Billy Porter Sees His New Album As An Act Of Resistance. \We have to be active, and as artists, we get to do that through art. This is when we are needed the most.\u201d
My Life As A Trans Fraternity Bro. Having your frat brothers raise more than $20,000 to pay for your top surgery shows that life can be full of surprises. Donald
Zeke Thomas Wants Gay Men to Stop Staying Silent About Assault. A year ago in February, Josh \u201cZeke\u201d Thomas, the 28-year-old musician son of NBA legend Isiah Thomas, was raped, in his own
Transgender Youth Have So Many Questions -- I Wish I Had An Answer. I remember you; in fact I can\u2019t forget you.
Boze Hadleigh Talks Hollywood Lesbians From Garbo To Foster & More (AUDIO). This week I talked with author Boze Hadleigh about his new updated edition of Hollywood Lesbians
Sadly, More Surprising Reasons Why We Smoke. A study found that having a more positive sense of one\u2019s LGB identity was actually a predictor for being a smoker.
PETA Says Polar Bear Died Of 'Heartbreak' After Separated From 'Same-Sex Partner'. The organization claims the SeaWorld polar bear \gave up.\
Gay Bars Can Be Mind-Bogglingly Racist. We decided to take a look at how unsafe \u201csafe spaces\u201d have been in the last 12 months. Last weekend, Rebar went from being
Are Some Democrats Going Soft On LGBTQ Rights In The Age Of Trump?. The Democratic Governors Association may be having a conference in North Carolina.
Process Of Elimination. We are not a blight on our family\u2019s name. We are not stains on the fabric of society to be rubbed out.
Addressing Trans-Misogyny In Our Varying Communities. What do we do about the overwhelming misogyny that exists in our communities?
Homophobic Language Skews Our View Of Acceptance In Sports. Gay slurs often don\u2019t indicate a deeper rejection of gay athletes.
Caitlyn Jenner Opens Up To Diane Sawyer About Her Life 2 Years After Coming Out. The wide-ranging interview hit on everything from Donald Trump to her Vanity Fair cover.
They Are Not Transgender Rights. Human rights. Civil rights. American rights. Rights that belong to every person on the planet by virtue of the fact that we exist.
Last Words. \I\u2019m very blessed that people are able to get to know who I am without meeting me.\
Gay Chechen Men Share Personal Accounts Of Abuse In This Harrowing Video. \u201cThe world needs to act.\u201d
Caitlyn Jenner Voted For Donald Trump, But Her Loyalties Don't Lie With Him. \u201cMy loyalties lie with my community and not with the Republican party, and not with Donald Trump.\
Justin Sayre Has A Word Or Two About Queer Stories On Television. \u201cIt feels really insincere.\u201d
Xavier Jugel\u00e9, 37, Officer Killed In Paris, Was Defender Of Gay Rights. PARIS \u2014 He was a proud defender of gay rights, joining protests against Russia\u2019s ban on \u201chomosexual propaganda\u201d before the
Building Your Emotional Muscle. Former Bravo reality show star, Jesse Jordan, from Workout, has a message for those who choose to do steroids
Jenny Boylan On Her New Novel And The Evolution of Identity Across A Lifetime. \There\u2019s a lot of before and afters in people's lives.\u201d
Andy Cohen Calls Out Chechen Leader Over Gay 'Concentration Camps'. \Imprisoning people because of who they love is inhuman,\u201d he said.
Sports Have Been An Anchor For This Transgender Teenager. He hopes to \u2018inspire young people going through the same things I did.\u2019
Our Silence Will Not Protect Us. \As a community, we must advance a policy agenda that prioritizes safety, home and community for black LGBTQ youth.\
Newspaper Which Reported On Gay Abuse In Chechnya Fears For Staff. And local officials have made no effort to investigate the troubling claims.
These Two Gay Swimmers Are Best Friends And Each Other\u2019s Rock. Axel Reed and Josh Velasquez formed a bond while coming out.
A School District That\u2019s Starting Gender Diversity Conversations Early. Reading LGBTQ inclusive stories is a way to validate what they may be already be thinking around gender and gender roles.
Why Russia's Persecution Of Its LGBTQ Community Matters. Russia\u2019s domestic human rights abuses contravene the liberal democratic ideals America has championed for a century.
Fund the Resistance \u2013 Join Give OUT Day. The national LGBTQ day of giving has raised over $3 million since it launched in 2013.
Starbucks. I\u2019ve never understood why more corporations don\u2019t go about their business more delicately than they do.
Where You Live May Add To Why You Smoke. Each week,\u00a0LGBT HealthLink, a Program of CenterLink,\u00a0and researcher and blogger Corey Prachniak-Rinc\u00f3n bring you a round
Nikki Haley Condemns Alleged Abuse, Killings Of Gay Men In Chechnya. \This violation of human rights cannot be ignored,\ the U.N. ambassador wrote.
Play Featuring Gay Versions Of Bible Stories Causes Outrage. An Atlanta theater defended its staging of \The Most Fabulous Story Ever Told.\
The Fabulous Life And Incredible Times Of Amanda Lepore. When I was younger, and vulnerable to other people\u2019s opinions, I was up in arms over my identity.
The LGBT Trump Fallacy. It was a jarringly unorthodox moment even for Donald Trump. At a rally in Colorado last October, an audience member handed
Ricky Martin Opens Up About Expanding His Family, Upcoming 'Big' Wedding. \u201cI like the noise of children running around the house. I want daddy\u2019s little girl now.\u201d
'Survivor' Player Claims He Was Fired From Job After Outing Transgender Teammate. \u201cMy former boss told me that I was in a news story they wanted nothing to do with,\ Jeff Varner said.
As Anti-LGBTQ Persecution Worsens in Russia, The U.S. Government Must Act. The U.S. government needs to publicly condemn the Chechen attacks as an advancement of Russia\u2019s longstanding history of anti-LGBTQ oppression.
Last Words. \Most of all I want to continue to make people laugh. It's more important now than ever.\
Empathy And Spectacle In The Transgender Killing Fields. To focus on us in exclusively extreme circumstances reinforces our marginal status.
'RuPaul's Drag Race' Officially Renewed For A Tenth Season. \Now more than ever, we rely on the power of love, laughter and creativity to combat fear and darkness.\
This May Be The Most Unusual George Michael Tribute You'll Ever See. The pop superstar will be honored with a stylish \vignette\ for charity.
Identity. This rhythmic rant was originally written after the Orlando Pulse nightclub shooting. At the time, it felt too raw to publish
What It\u2019s Like To Be Queer And Self-Exiled From Erdogan\u2019s Turkey. With this week\u2019s referendum on the horizon, more is at stake for people like me.
Chechens Tell Of Prison Beatings And Electric Shocks In Anti-Gay Purge. At least once a day, Adam\u2019s captors attached metal clamps to his fingers and toes. One of the men then cranked a handle on
'Survivor' Contestant Outed As Transgender During Shocking Tribal Council. \I think he hoped others would believe that trans people are dangerous and fraudulent,\u201d Zeke Smith said.
Donald Trump Jr. Sends Offensive Tweet About \u2018Triggered\u2019 LGBTQ Students. \ud83d\ude21  \ud83d\ude21  \ud83d\ude21
'Survivor' Contestant Who Outed Trans Teammate Apologizes For 'Assault'. \I own responsibility in what is the worst decision of my life.\
Black Female Judge Judge Remembered As A Defender Of Queer Rights. Judge Sheila Abdus-Salaam helped reverse a precedent in New York that tore children from their parents.
NC House Republicans File Bill To Make Same-Sex Marriage Illegal... Again. \ud83d\ude44  \ud83d\ude44  \ud83d\ude44
Jonathan Adler's Stunning New Hotel Project Has A Powerful Mission. The designer's luxury (RED) suite in West Hollywood benefits HIV/AIDS efforts.
Shannon Purser Opens Up About Coming To Understand Her Sexuality. \Getting comfortable with your sexuality is a process.\
Behind The Issue. Sinister Wisdom 104
Ian McKellen Looks Back On His Closeted Gay Youth In New Short Film. \There was nobody who was out \u2015 nobody,\ he recalled.
Filmmaker C. Fitz Talks Documentary \u201cJewel's Catch One\u201d & More (AUDIO). This week I talked with filmmaker C. Fitz and LGBTQ pioneer Jewel Thais-Williams about their documentary . The film tells
Ending AIDS Starts With Our Youth. In my youth, HIV was a death sentence. As a young gay man growing up in the Midwest, I already felt vulnerable about my identity
Trey Pearson Sends Hopeful Message To Gay Christians In New Video. The singer hopes \Silver Horizon\ will \change hearts.\
Last Words. \We should be the first ones to accept each other for who we are.\
A Second Chance. \I write this story to thank all the educators who may never know the impact their words and decisions may have on the life of a student.\
How Wonder Woman Saved A Gay Boy's Life. \Each one of us is in a constant state of transformation, evolving, growing and changing... but now we don\u2019t have to do it in secret.\
This LGBTQ Activist's Speech About Surviving Abuse Will Break Your Heart. \u201cIt never gets easier, folks. But it does get better.\u201d
Butch Lesbians Open Up About A Big Misconception About Their Sex Lives. \You can't assume -- because everybody likes something different.\
Anal Cancer Screening Down Under Proves Satisfactory. Queer men may need interventions such as instructions on douching and multiple tests in order to avoid unsatisfactory results.
How 'Self-Care' Went From Radical To Frou-Frou To Radical Once Again. The articles began to pop up almost immediately after Nov. 8, speaking to readers in a tone of grave concern, like a dear
Here's How To Talk To Kids About What It Means To Be An LGBTQ Ally. Our favorite queer web series for kids is back!
Sexual Freedom Party To Be Held In Park Where George Michael Cruised For Sex. He wouldn't have wanted it any other way.
Creators Of Michelle Rodriguez's New Film Defend It From Claims Of Transphobia. \The Assignment\ has faced backlash since it was announced in 2015.
North Carolina's Debacle Reveals How Easily LGBTQ People Can Be Abandoned By Everyone. Big business is a fair-weather friend.
\u2018Buffy\u2019 Actresses Reflect On Impact Of Show's Iconic Queer Storyline. \It was such a gift.\
University Cheerleader Finds Solace In Sport After His Boyfriend\u2019s Suicide. Jacob Jean is a proudly out Spartan.
Get Ready To See Harvey Fierstein As You've Never Seen Him Before. In \Gently Down the Stream,\ the Tony winner recalls milestones in queer history.
What 'Biggest Loser's' Bob Harper Realized About Life After A Massive Heart Attack. \I\u2019m really understanding what\u2019s really important in life.\
Gay 'Catfish' Opens Up About Why He Stole Identities To Fool Other Men. \It's like a last hope that maybe someone will still love me...\
'Get That Monster Out Of The White House!' Larry Kramer Electrifies Gatherings In NY And Fla.. Larry Kramer himself is now upping the ante.
A Gay Gymnast's Struggle To Come Out To His College Coach. Matthew Greenfield reflects on life lessons learned at Penn State.
Last Words. \I\u2019m a queen who will continue to talk up the importance of drag queens and our history until I\u2019m blue in the face.\
Homophobia In The Gay Community. Yes, I was called \too gay\ at Pride.
My Quest To Become A Queer Crippled Hero. While I may not wear a cape, my quest battling against ableism within the LGBTQ+ community has just begun.
Gender Non-conforming Kids Caught In The Crosshairs Of Hate. From calls to end Teletubbies and ban 'Jacobs New Dress,' here's what our kids are up against.
'Walking Dead' Actor Daniel Newman Comes Out On YouTube. The star opened up about his sexuality in a heartfelt video.
What It's Like To Be A Transgender Teacher In Donald Trump's America. These are the effects of the Trump administration attacking the rights of transgender students.
Rainbow Flag Creator Gilbert Baker Dead At 65. The artist designed the iconic banner at Harvey Milk's request.
Candace Cameron Bure. The actress got caught in a heated exchange with a \RuPaul's Drag Race\ star.
Out Profiles 4 Queer Women To Examine Power Of Storytelling In Era Of Trump. Each spoke about the lingering challenges of identifying as LGBTQ in 2017.
There's Going To Be A Huge Queer Dance Protest Outside Of Ivanka Trump's House. \If Ivanka Trump isn't gaslighting us, then she should come into the streets and werk it!\
History-Making Trans Athlete Blasts North Carolina's HB2 'Compromise'. The trans community isn't safe under House Bill 142, Chris Mosier warns.
Caitlyn Jenner. It's a backroom deal, she said.
Teenagers Come Together In A Beautiful Display Of Human Diversity. We are all changing, all of the time.
Heartwarming Animated Clip Tackles Lingering Myths About HIV/AIDS. Get ready to be quizzed by \Dr. Pill.\
Once Again, Texas Republicans Are Pushing An 'Avalanche' Of Anti-LGBTQ Bills. And they all seem to conform to Neil Gorsuch's idea of \religious liberty.\
Gay Couple Gets Married In Pro Hockey Arena With A Priest Referee. It\u2019s wedded bliss at center ice.
Jackie Evancho Wants Trump To Know 'Horrors' Trans Sister Experienced. The inauguration singer is eager to meet with the president.
Meet Broadway's 10 Hottest Chorus Boys Of 2017. \ud83d\udd25 \ud83c\udfad \ud83d\udd25 \ud83c\udfad
A New PrEP Campaign Wants You To 'F**k Without Fear'. \We want to start a dialogue.\
Could Gucci's Clueless Co-opting Of Queercore Inspire New Resistance?. Queercore has to evolve to fight the new ultra-conservative, ultra-Right forces that have been activated.
Orlando To Mark Pulse Anniversary With 'Day Of Love And Kindness'. Officials want to encourage \the unity that followed\ the 2016 tragedy.
Transgender Murders In El Salvador Leave Community In Fear. \It\u2019s destroying us,\ one activist said.
AP Adds Singular 'They' To Stylebook. The gender-neutral pronoun is used by many in the LGBTQ community.
Gay Trainer Uses New Passion To Break Down Barriers With Straight Men. Michael Pavano finds his niche after years of feeling intimidated.
The Gender Identity Terms You Need To Know. The latest CBSN Originals documentary, \u201cGender
School Pulls Book About Gender Non-Conforming Kid After Backlash. First graders in a North Carolina school district won't be reading Jacob's New Dress.
This Beautiful Magazine Is Elevating The Lives And Work Of Queer Creatives. The third edition of Posture focuses on those \making it\ on their own terms.
Why This Lesbian Catholic Is Supporting The National Weekend Of Prayer For Transgender Justice. Taking place the weekend of March 24-26, 2017.
A Farm Boy Meets His Prince In A Beautiful New Children\u2019s Book. \If you don't see yourself in stories, you don't see yourself in the world.\
There's An Insidious New Plot To Make Trans Kids' Lives Hell. A student in Pennsylvania is suing his school for treating a trans student like a human.
Gay Men Jailed Under Arcane German Law Are Offered Compensation. The law still needs to be approved by the Bundestag lower house of parliament.
Critics Say Kentucky's New 'Religious Freedom\u2019 Bill Targets LGBTQ Students. The governor signed the bill which could allow student groups the autonomy to discriminate.
Don't Be Fooled. He said it's \settled law\ -- but he supports religious exemptions.
Transgender Weightlifter Wins International Women\u2019s Competition, Sets National Record. Laurel Hubbard competed previously competed with men
Caitlyn Jenner Will Get Candid With Diane Sawyer Once Again. The trans icon will mark the anniversary of that historic interview with Sawyer.
RuPaul's Life In 1980s New York Is Set To Become A JJ Abrams TV Series. We can't wait!
Ivory Aquino Responds To Alexandra Billings' Concerns About Trans Visibility In 'When We Rise'. The transgender community has its own series -- many, in fact -- waiting to be told.
Adele Invites Gay Couple Onstage For A Surprise Proposal. The singer said she \had no idea\ the romantic moment was going to happen.
Becky G Will Play Queer Superhero In New 'Power Rangers' Movie. Brb, buying our tickets now.
RuPaul On Trump. The reality star opens up about changing times for \Drag Race\ and why we need drag now more than ever.
Politician Slams White Nationalist Richard Spencer In Most Satisfying Way Possible. \u201cIt\u2019s not every day you get to tell off a neo-Nazi,\u201d John Kander says.
I Tricked The Greek Church Into Letting Me Baptize A Baby. My whole life I\u2019ve wanted a Godchild but no one would let me baptize their kid. However all that changed when one of my best
Tampons And Death Threats. We need to create space for all menstruators -- not just those who identify as women.
Here's Why Gay People 'Should Be Embarrassed' To Support Trump. Justin Sayre breaks it down.
That 'Exclusively Gay' Moment In 'Beauty And The Beast' Wasn't Gay Enough. LeFou wasn't written for the LGBTQ+ community -- it was encoded for a heterosexual gaze.
Joe Biden Blasts Trump Administration For Rolling Back Trans Protections. Americans \face some real challenges\ ahead, Biden warned.
Darren Criss Recalls The Time He Kissed A Gay Porn Star. It was just one of his many \Hedwig\ duties. \ud83d\udc8b
The U.S. Has Been 'Robbed' Of Its Queer History, Says Dustin Lance Black. \History has value, and I hope we can draw power from it now.\u201d
Athletes Speak Out Against Transphobic Texas Bill. \u201cWe\u2019re committed to upholding the very values that sport instills in each of us.\
Kink.Com Is Shuttering Its San Francisco Sex Dungeon. The world\u2019s largest fetish film company is moving out of the Armory, marking the end of an era for adult film and sex-positive
Photographer Captures Private Moments Of LGBTQ Icons In Stunning Color. Tom Atwood captured some of the queer community's biggest names at home.
'RuPaul's Drag Race' Releases New Trailer Revealing Major Celeb Guest Appearances. Kesha? Lisa Kudrow? OMG!
This Tattoo Shop Is Creating A Safe And Accepting Space For Queer Bodies. \I couldn't find my comfort zone in [other] tattoo shops let alone my own skin.\
TLC's 'Say Yes To The Dress' Will Welcome A Transgender Bride. ...and she looks STUNNING.
RuPaul Just Revealed He's Married!. OMG our hearts.
A Queer Woman Embarks On Unusual Quest For Acceptance In New Film. Robin Cloud's \Out Again\ is based on a deeply personal experience.
HIV Positive Man Hits London Streets For 'Heartwarming' Experiment. George Hankers hopes his video will give strength and insight around the world.
Gay GOP Group Leader. And don't call Jeff Sessions \u2018anti-gay\u2019 just because he opposes gay rights.
'Beauty And The Beast' Composer Alan Menken Calls LeFou's Sexuality 'Utter Non-Issue'. \It\u2019s really not really part of the movie in any overt way at all.\
This Year The LA Pride Parade Is Being Replaced By A 'Resist March'. \We resist forces that would divide us. We resist those who would take away our liberty.\
What Would It Be Like To Live In A World Without Binaries?. \The world I imagine is full of imagination and freedom.\
Someone Vandalized D.C. LGBT Community Center And Assaulted An Employee. A visitor vandalized a prominent LGBT community center on Georgia Avenue NW and assaulted an employee on Sunday. The suspect
In Defense Of Grindr. There\u2019s always the chance that the man of your dreams will pop up when you log on.
The 5 Times I Wish I\u2019d Outed Myself As Bisexual. Bisexuals are everywhere. We comprise\u00a0more than half of the lesbian, gay and bisexual community. So why do we see bisexuals
We Adore The Women Of \u201cThe Real Housewives\u201d -- Why Do We Already Despise The Men Of \u201cFire Island\u201d?. Every time a member of the LGBT community walks across our television screen, it does not have to be a political statement.
Harnessing My Sexuality As A Queer Cripple. The harness is my shield, my armor.
Emma Watson Offers Her Thoughts On Gay 'Beauty And The Beast' Character. The film's star warns not to expect too much from the movie's controversial queer inclusivity.
It's Not Enough To 'Tolerate' Transgender Rights. It is shameful that we think of human lives as merely \u201ctolerable.\u201d
\u2018Stonewall Is A Pro-Cop Bar\u2019. Many lament the loss of a city\u2019s historically gay neighborhood to the forces of gentrification. Less often do they question
Author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie Under Fire For Comments About Trans Women. Twitter comes for your fave in the wake of a problematic new interview.
'Transparent' Cast Releases Powerful PSA About Trans Bathroom Rights. \u201cIt\u2019s about all of us.\u201d
The Inside Story On How Marriage Equality Became A Reality In America. A new documentary examines how the battle to legalize same-sex marriage was won.
Donald Trump And The Reagan Playbook On LGBTQ Rights. Both men have been viewed as speaking the \language\ of evangelicals
Boston St. Patrick's Day Parade Reverses Ban On LGBTQ Group. Parade organizers buckled after a fierce backlash.
DeVos Meets With LGBTQ Groups Over Trans Student Protections. Representatives from a trio of LGBT organizations and families with transgender kids met Wednesday with Education Secretary
LGBTQ Veterans Group Denied Place In Boston St. Patrick's Day Parade. OUTVETS broke the barrier for gay organizations at the march in 2015.
RuPaul Offers The Best Defense To Transphobia And Bigotry. \We are moving forward into a place where the human race is expanding.\
David Letterman Has A Very Good Question For Anti-Trans Rights Advocates. \ud83e\udd14
I Once Wanted To Be A Girl. Today I Give Thanks To The Women Who Made Me Who I Am Now. \When I was finally forced to be a boy... I survived by surrounding myself with women.\
'American Idol' Star Says She 'Chose' To Be Straight After 2-Year Gay Stint. \I chose a belief system that felt TRUE to my spirit,\ La'Porsha Renae tweeted.
Gavin Grimm. Just over two years ago, I started my sophomore year of high school. The summer before, I had come out to my family and friends
PrEP Is Making a Difference. Now Republicans Want to Make It Unaffordable. Evan J. Peterson learned about AIDS before he knew what \u201cgay\u201d meant. A child of the \u201880s, he recalls growing up in an age
Female And LGBTQ Filmmakers Get An Overdue Moment To Shine In NYC. The New York Premiere Film Festival aims to share rarely-seen perspectives.
'RuPaul's Drag Race' Contestants Sound Off On Doing Drag In Trump's America. \u201cI think that drag always pushes against the limits of what\u2019s considered beautiful and valuable.\
Judge Denies ACLU's Motion To Recoup Legal Fees From Marriage Equality Battle. The civil liberties organization was looking to recover more than $200,000 from Kentucky county clerk Kim Davis.
'The Real L Word' Is the Queer Adolescence I Never Had. Showtime\u2019s canceled reality show gives me a sense of queer community that I don\u2019t think I\u2019ll ever experience in real life
This Mesmerizing Photo Of Trump Is Made Up Of His Bigoted Words. Wow.
Russia May Ban 'Beauty And The Beast' Over 'Exclusively Gay' Moment. Director Bill Condon feels the controversy has been \overblown.\
This Project Is Bringing Crucial Visibility To Butch People And Their Families. \You can\u2019t be what you can\u2019t see.\
New Musical Aims To Speak To Those Rattled By 'Social Injustice'. 'Bastard Jones' will benefit homeless LGBTQ youth.
5 Groups Of People I'm Afraid To Meet In Public Restrooms. There have been more Republicans arrested for committing\u00a0crimes in restrooms\u00a0than trans folk. Statistically speaking, you
You Can Help Make This Queer Multimedia Concert And Spectacle A Reality. \We want people from all manner of diverse backgrounds to experience joy.\
For Franklin Graham, 'Beauty And The Beast' Was Always About Gay People. Wait a second
LGBTQ Storytellers Like Dustin Lance Black Are Helping Shape Our Future. Last week we witnessed what was incredible storytelling for the LGBTQ community in #WhenWeRise and it was wonderful to hear
Ohio's Drag And Trans Performers Dazzle In New Documentary. \Kings, Queens, & In-Betweens\ showcases Columbus's vibrant queer scene.
Gay Pro Volleyball Player Gets Entire Team To March In LGBTQ Pride Parade. Chris Voth and his mates will march in Arctic Pride in Finland.
Why Is Franklin Graham So Obsessed With LGBTQ People?. Preaching hate pays.
Yelp Can Now Help You Find A Gender-Neutral Toilet. \u201dYelp thrives on inclusion and acceptance,\u201d the company said.
The Epidemic of Gay Loneliness. \u201cI used to get so excited when the meth was all gone.\u201d This is my friend Jeremy. \u201cWhen you have it,\u201d he says, \u201cyou have to
Bus With Anti-Transgender Message Banned From Spanish Capital. It's part of a far-right Catholic group's ongoing campaign.
In One Month, 3 Black Transgender Women Were Killed In Louisiana. At least seven transgender women of color have been killed in the U.S. so far this year.
Shocker! 'RuPaul's Drag Race' Is Moving To A New Night And A New Network. OMG??
The Most Beautiful Acceptance Speech This Week Came From A Queer Korean. His speech advocated for immigrants, Muslims, women, people of color and trans and queer folk.
Glitter Ash Wednesday Shows Queer Christians' 'Gritty, Scandalous Hope'. \Glitter is a spark of life and hope.\
Adele Gives Drag Queen The Thrill Of Her Life On Stage. Needless to say, the queen was left starstruck.
Ciara McElveen, Transgender Woman, Killed In New Orleans. Ciara McElveen, a black transgender\u00a0woman, was stabbed to death in New Orleans on Monday. The New Orleans Police Department
Meet The Openly Gay Football Player Changing The Game At Powerhouse Colleges. My-King Johnson has been out since he was 12.
George Takei. Tell 'em, George.
Trump Transition Official. It will \protect\ those who oppose LGBTQ rights, abortion and more.
This Podcast Explores Queerness, Books, Sex And Everything In Between. \u201cLike NPR, on poppers!\
Rainbow Kids. Dear Trans Kids, I\u2019m writing to you, but not just to you. I\u2019m also writing to all the rainbow kids, whatever you call yourselves
Get Ready For A New Film Celebrating Femme Identity Among Gay Men. \You are perfect exactly as you are.\
I'm So Ready For More Queer Black Girl Celebrity Couples. When Keke Palmer visited The Wendy Williams Show last week, the main highlight was the actress dragging the host for victim
Janet Mock. When I was a high school freshman in Honolulu, I would sit with my girlfriends on the bleachers of the school amphitheater
We Must Rise Up For Transgender Children. I feel like fighting back today, don\u2019t you?
The End Of Innocence. Trump\u2019s reversal of the Obama policies recommending protections of trans kids in schools is yet another reminder that it
Tucker Carlson Brings Trans Guest On His Show, Immediately Insults Her. At one point, the host insinuated that transgender people are \faking.\
These Beautiful Photos From Around The World Are Elevating Global Trans Identity. \u2764\ufe0f\ufe0f  \u2764\ufe0f\ufe0f  \u2764\ufe0f\ufe0f
Transgender Model To Caitlyn Jenner. Isis King. Dayum, girl.
Slovenia Legalizes Same-Sex Marriage, But Not Adoption. Still, activists praised the move as \a big step forward.\
Awesome PSA Shuts Down Anti-Trans Bigots. \All we want to do is pee!\
George Takei Destroys Anti-Trans Arguments In Just 11 Words. Nailed it.
Transgender Cub Scout Nails Why Donald Trump Is Wrong To Remove Protections For Trans Students. \u201cIt doesn\u2019t matter of your gender. It matters how you feel.\
'Family' Groups Praise President Trump's Decision To Roll Back Trans Rights. Ugh, ugh and more ugh.
Get Set To 'Kiki' With The New Stars Of The Ball Scene In This Film. A young crop of \artistic activists\ shine in Sara Jorden\u00f6's documentary.
There's About To Be A Dance Protest At The White House To Celebrate Trans Youth. #WeAreHere
On Being Told That My Gender-Neutral Pronouns Are A Choice. It matters to bear a pronoun that matches the person I am.
Trans Kids Are In Danger. It's Our Job To Protect Them.. Which side of history are you on?
'You Are Not Alone'. A gesture of support.
Have Questions About Trans Kids? Katie Couric Produced An Amazing Resource. This film is required viewing.
The Trans Women Who Become Lesbians After Years as Gay Men. While researchers have yet to determine whether changes in hormones lead to changes in sexual orientation, for many trans
Reactions. On Wednesday, February 23,\u00a0the U.S. Department of Education and U.S. Department of Justice rescinded the guidance issued
My Bathroom Struggle As A Transgender Student. Compared to others, I consider myself lucky.
Bill Maher Helped Normalize Milo Yiannopoulos. Now, He\u2019s Taking Credit For His Fall.. We need to talk about what really happened.
Tom Of Finland Launched A New Online Store And We're Obssessed. We'll take one of everything, please.
The Pro-Gay Reason This Jefferson Airplane Star Said Yes To Chick-Fil-A. Nothing's gonna stop Grace Slick now.
The Deadliest Anti-Gay Attack Before Orlando Inspires A New Musical. \The View UpStairs\ features tears, trysts and a \badass\ rock score.
Candice Wiggins Says WNBA Was 'Toxic' To Her For Being Straight. The newly-retired player had harsh words for her former sport.
Here's What You Need To Know About The Milo Yiannopoulos-Michael Flynn Connection. Hint
The Ideology of Incoherence and The Rise of the StormTrumpers. Trump's style of expression mirrored the way millions of Americans thought -- in short, uninformed sound-bytes.
Let's Get \Bromantic\? How \Straight Acting\ Is Killing Gay Romance. The other day an acquaintance's random comment about masturbation led to a revelation of the week. Him
Finland's Parliament Confirms Same-Sex Marriage Law. The law ends the distinction between same-sex unions and heterosexual marriages.
What It's Like To Exist And Date Outside Of The Gender Binary. A new video explores.
Laverne Cox Finally Meets The Trans Teen Who Could Change History. Gavin Grimm is at the heart of an upcoming SCOTUS case.
Ad Against Texas Bathroom Bill Encourages Everyone To 'Pee With LGBT'. \You've gotta spray it to say it.\
A Letter To Our In-Vitro Doctor From The Lesbians. When Natalie and I met, we knew children were in the plan for us.
My Life As A Trans Woman Teaching High School In A 'Bathroom Bill' State. Because none of my coworkers or students knew I was trans, I thought I\u2019d be immune to the effects of government-sanctioned
This Amazing Video Is Taking Voguing Out Of The Club And Into The Streets. Pose. Pose. Pose.
The Simple, Self-Evident Truths Of Transgender Kids, Equality And Title IX. Let us challenge traditions rooted in biases and irrational fears.
Trump Supporters Are Not Oppressed. New York Times readers were confronted today with a new entry in the paper\u2019s ongoing competition for the most ill-conceived
Adam Lambert Responds To Rumors He's Dating Sam Smith. Don't get your hopes up.
Here's A Fact-Check On Milo Yiannopoulos' Incendiary Claims About Trans People. In short
Cop Sues St. Louis County After Allegedly Being Told 'Tone Down Gayness'. The officer says he's been repeatedly turned down for promotions.
We Need To Talk About The Homophobia In This Trump/Putin Street Art. Tenderness between two men shouldn't be alarming or mockable.
Ricky Martin Opens Up About The Surprising Way He Met His Fianc\u00e9. And he's got \big\ plans for the wedding, too.
This Couple's Disney World Proposal Is A Fairy Tale Come True. Here's how Prince Charming found his... Prince Charming \ud83c\udff0
The Election Inspired This Gay Hunter To Stop Hiding Who He Truly Is. Luke Zoesch struggled to be authentic growing up in a rural, conservative environment.
Texas Governor Lashes Out At NFL Over Threat Of Boycotting State. The controversy stems from a proposed anti-trans \bathroom bill.\
This 'Homoji'  Keyboard Brings Queer Shorthand To Your Text Messages. It's not just about the eggplants anymore.
Parents Of Transgender Children Plead With Trump To Maintain Protections. Nearly 800 parents of transgender children from across the country signed a letter to President Trump imploring him to maintain
Laverne Cox References 'Hidden Figures' To Make Powerful Point About Trans Rights. \This is about public accommodations and public accommodations are always key to civil rights.\
Queer Punk Band PWR BTTM Drops New Video, Announces New Album Release Date. The pair's upcoming work is all about \radical optimism.\
Heartfelt New Ad Urges LGBTQ People To 'Hold Tight' To One Another. ANZ reiterates its support for the community with a new campaign \ud83c\udf08
Lady Gaga, JLaw And More Sign Letter Opposing Texas Anti-LGBTQ Legislation. \Can you imagine the message these bills send to children?\
RuPaul Sends Michael Flynn Off With Two Perfect Words. #LifeAdvice
Restaurant Co-Owner. \I guess we all have to be a little more alert now when we go out.\u201d
Troye Sivan Won't Change His Unabashedly Queer Tune For Trump. \I know that we can survive this.\
Trans Teachers Network Pens Open Letter In Support Of Teen Headed To SCOTUS. 37 educators from across the nation signed the letter.
French Vogue Makes History With First Transgender Cover Model. \This month we are proud to celebrate transgender beauty,\u201d said the magazine, confirming Valentina Sampaio as its cover star.
How Polyamorous People Manage All Their Valentines. We spoke to a few couples to find out how being poly plays into the most loved-up day of the year. (Top photo
'Mean Girls' Star Daniel Franzese Has A Musical Valentine For You. \u2764\ufe0f \u2764\ufe0f \u2764\ufe0f
Laverne Cox Finally Met Beyonc\u00e9 And Reacted Like Any Human Would, Really. \u2764\ufe0f\ufe0f  \u2764\ufe0f\ufe0f  \u2764\ufe0f\ufe0f
John Oliver Endorses RuPaul For President In The 2020 Election. We support this initiative.
This Singer's New Video Is A Cross-Generational Look At Queer Love. Tom Goss's \More Than Temporary\ is the Valentine you've been waiting for.
Chelsea Manning. To those who have kept me alive for the past six years
Caitlyn Jenner's Mission. Donald Trump\u2019s inauguration was devoid of stars. Elton John said no. Justin Timberlake cried the president a river. The event
This Gay Comedy Mystery Series Dedicated To The Bear Community Is Returning. But it needs your help.
Trans Teen Gavin Grimm Responds To Laverne Cox Shout Out At The Grammys. \I was just so thrilled.\
Why I Would Never Date A Guy Who Supports Donald Trump. \Trump isn\u2019t just a Republican. He is the antithesis of tolerant and accepting.\
A Valentine For My Best Friend. We may or may not share physical intimacy, but the bonds of friendship are truly profound.
Drag Superstar Vicky Vox -- \Pride Is The Ability To Live Authentically; There Is Strength In Truth\. Vicky Vox is a veritable force of nature. She\u2019s a powerhouse performer, a whip smart recording artist, and one of the most
The Only Way To Know What Neil Gorsuch Really Thinks About Gay Sex Is To Ask Him About It. John Roberts had gay friends too.
Todd Chrisley Responds To Gay Rumors Ahead Of New Season Of Hit Reality Show. What a classy response, eh?
Gay Man Aims To Balance His Faith And Desires In This Short Film. Don't miss the harrowing \Abid.\
Tennessee Bill Seeks To 'Defend Natural Marriage Between One Man And One Woman'. Lawmakers also want to bring a HB2-style bathroom bill to the state.
'I Am Jazz' Transgender Doll To Debut At NYC Toy Fair. Reality TV star thanks doll company \for being so progressive.\
This Sweet (And Sexy) Adult Coloring Book Is A Gay Valentine Treat. Paul Richmond's \Cheesecake Boys\ are back, and they're hot \ud83c\udf70 \ud83c\udf70 \ud83c\udf70
Justice Department Begins Rollback Of Transgender Students' Bathroom Rights. Fears among the LGBTQ community are already being realized.
My Greatest Magic Trick? Escaping Gay Conversion Therapy. Coming out was my biggest secret, finally revealed.
Abe Rybeck Talks The Theater Offensive and LGBT Civil Rights (AUDIO). 
Two Of Your 'RuPaul's Drag Race' Favorites Are Getting Spin-Off. \u2764\ufe0f\ufe0f  \u2764\ufe0f\ufe0f  \u2764\ufe0f\ufe0f
Watch The Anti-LGBTQ Bullying Video That Got A Teacher Suspended. It isn't the first time that \Love Is All You Need?\ has stirred controversy.
Meet The Transgender Teen Heading To SCOTUS To Fight For His Rights. \It\u2019s come down to way more than bathrooms now.\
Incredible 50-Part Docuseries Explores The Lives Of Queer Men Of Color In NYC. \There was a general lack of stories showcasing people who look like me and so I wanted to do something about that.\
A Queer Cult Classic Will Be Re-Born With Drew Droege As Its Star. West Coasters, get ready for \Die, Mommie, Die!\
81-Year-Old Man Stuns City Council Meeting With LGBTQ Rights Rap. Wowza!
John Early And Kate Berlant Are The Comedic Duo America Needs Right Now. The politically-charged entertainers discuss their new Vimeo series.
9-Year-Old Becomes First Openly Transgender Boy Scout. \u201cI am accepted, and I\u2019m actually in Boy Scouts,\ Joe Maldonado said.
You Won't Believe How Great Anderson Cooper's Cher Impression Is. No, really!
Got A Question About PrEP? Look No Further. Once daily PrEP doesn't have to be confusing.
Queer Art Pushes Boundaries. As the shimmering, lube-smeared bottom descended over my face while the cameras rolled, one question ran through my mind
Katie Couric Admits To 'Embarrassing' Herself Over Trans Issues. Ultimately, her lack of knowledge became a \learning device.\
Gay Man Sets Cross-Atlantic Rowing Record. Gavan Hennigan struggled through heroin addiction and with his sexuality before setting record.
Stop Everything. Today is cancelled!
If You Love Tom Of Finland We've Got The Perfect New Emoji For You. \u2764\ufe0f\ufe0f  \u2764\ufe0f\ufe0f  \u2764\ufe0f\ufe0f
Why The \u2018Conservative\u2019 Chinese New Year Parade Was Super Queer This Year. Asian-Americans are calling on us all to be \woke in the year of the rooster.\
Guy Recreates Beyonc\u00e9's Photos To Show Every Body Is 'Worthy Of Applause'. Put them hands high for Ben Yahr \ud83d\udc1d
The Loving, Warlike Unity of Gay Americans Against Trump. \u201cWe have faced institutional oppression for as long as society has existed,\u201d Corey Johnson, a young, gay New York City Council
I Was Openly Gay On My High School Team And Heard Slurs All The Time. It\u2019s the nature of the high school locker room that causes immaturity, a water polo player writes.
Mike Huckabee's Transphobic 'Joke' Slammed By Stars, Allies. But the former governor's misfire got spun into fundraising gold.
Gay Guide to Super Bowl LI. The game, the teams, the politics, the hot players, betting on Lady Gaga\u2019s hair color and more.
Dustin Lance Black Calls 'Bullsh*t' On Hollywood's View Of Trans Actors. \u201cThey should call our casting directors,\ the Oscar winner quipped.
Kristen Stewart Called Herself 'So Gay' On 'SNL.' Here's Why It Matters.. It was a radical opportunity to challenge and change minds.
New Film Reveals The Plight Of Gay Syrians. At a time when who we are is under threat even in the United States, it\u2019s especially poignant to witness the struggles and
24 Of The Best Signs From New York's LGBTQ Solidarity Rally. \ud83d\udcaa\ud83c\udffc \ud83d\ude02 \u2764\ufe0f
This Woman Reveals Why She Never Expected To Be Expecting. But she couldn\u2019t imagine it any other way.
LGBTQ Community Protests Trump At Historic Stonewall Inn. \u201cWe are going to do everything to ensure the Supreme Court doesn't turn the clock back to the 1960s.\
Facing A Mixed Orientation Marriage With Gratitude And Hope. What\u2019s possible when gratitude and hope are chosen over bitterness and you done me wrong thoughts?
Thousands Of LGBTQ People Set To Protest Trump In NYC On Saturday. Because now is not the time to be silent.
Men Face Up To 200 Years In Prison For Gay Sex Trafficking. The case was a \pioneering\ one for Florida.
LGBTQ Activists Organizing Massive Dance Protest At Trump Hotel. \We celebrate together.\
A Theatrical Look At Gay Men Bound By Family, Divided By Politics. \Boys of a Certain Age\ tackles of the challenges of being gay in the Trump era.
Why LGBTQ Advocates Are Scared, Despite What The White House Says. \Claiming ally status for not overturning progress\ is a rather low bar, isn't it?
'Family' Groups Blast Boy Scouts' Decision To Allow Trans Kids. Inclusivity doesn't sit well with these folks.
LGBTQ Groups Blast Trump's Supreme Court Pick Neil Gorsuch. The judge's praise for Antonin Scalia is ominous, they say.
Lady Gaga, We're Begging You To Make Your Super Bowl Show A Huge Protest. Don\u2019t let us down \u2015 we can't take much more of that right now.
Britain Pardons Thousands Of Gay Men Convicted Under Defunct Laws. The policy is named in honor of World War II codebreaker Alan Turing.
Norway's Lutheran Church Embraces Same-Sex Marriage. The new liturgy will come into effect on Wednesday.
You Can Help Make This 'RuPaul's Drag Race' LEGO Set A Reality. Are you ready, kittens?
5 Ways To Support The Black LGBTQ Community In Times Of Uncertainty. When you hear LGBTQ and black, what do you think about? RuPaul? Drag queens? The new song by CupcakKe? Is it your favorite
Boy Scouts To Allow Transgender Children To Join. The scouting group's stance on LGBTQ members and leaders has evolved over the last few years.
Don't Fall For Donald Trump's Latest Ploy. He Is No LGBTQ Hero.. We dodged a bullet this morning, but the gun is still loaded and it's pointed at our all of our heads.
Minorities In America. We need to take care of each other.
'Moonlight,' 'Star Trek Beyond' Receive GLAAD Media Award Nods. Still, the 2017 lineup is slimmer than most.
8-Year-Old Boy Claims He Was Axed From Cub Scouts For Being Trans. The case highlights flaws in the Scouts' effort to be more inclusive.
New Presidental Era Stokes Gay Teen Fear. Dear Michael, I\u2019m 16 years old, gay, a junior in high school and scared about what is going to happen to us under this new
Global Artists Come Together For Anti-Trump Track Celebrating Queer Love. \You will not ignore us.\
Sen. Baldwin Explains Why She Won't Vote To Confirm Sessions For Attorney General. \It gives me great concern,\ Baldwin said of the nominee's LGBTQ record.
The Year To Be Queer. \The way we\u2019re going to fight back is by loving each other strong.\
A Bride Harbors An Intimate Secret In This Haunting Short Film. Director Cole Stamm based \Jane's Wedding\ on a real-life Manila woman.
Activists To Deliver 'Spines' To Chuck Schumer To Protest Cabinet Confirmations. They want the lawmaker to grow a spine.
I Refused To Date A Gay Trump Supporter. Even if he\u2019s President for the next four years, I couldn't date Hector for the next four minutes.
Debra Wilson Talks Queer Legacy of MADtv Whitney Houston Parodies, New Series 'My Sister Is So Gay'. \u201cI don\u2019t give a f**k who you f**k; that\u2019s your business.\
Kelly Rowland. \Sexuality should be talked about,\ she said.
LGBTQ March On Washington Joins Forces With Major Pride Festival. Members of the community are ready to stand up for their rights in the Donald Trump era.
The Absence Of White House's LGBTQ Page Has Advocates Concerned. Still, it's too early to say whether or not it's gone for good.
Caitlyn Jenner\u2019s Friend Has A Powerful Message For Conservative Women. \If we are not here to look out for one another, what are we here for exactly?\u201d
Mike Pence Claiming He Cares About The Most Vulnerable Is Irony At Its Finest. Does he even know who America's most vulnerable are?
Ellen Hosts Gay Iraqi Soldiers With A Heartbreakingly Beautiful Love Story. \u2764\ufe0f\ufe0f  \u2764\ufe0f\ufe0f  \u2764\ufe0f\ufe0f
Supermodel 'Can't Be Any Happier' After Coming Forward As Intersex. Hanne Gaby Odiele looks back on her whirlwind week with HuffPost Live.
How Repealing Obamacare Will Hit the LGBT Community Extra-Hard. A repeal of the Affordable Care Act would mean the removal of vital protections for LGBT Americans
Tim Kaine Officiated A Same-Sex Wedding The Day Of Trump's Inauguration. \u2764\ufe0f\ufe0f\ud83e\udd84 \u2764\ufe0f\ufe0f\ud83e\udd84 \u2764\ufe0f\ufe0f\ud83e\udd84 \u2764\ufe0f\ufe0f
Andrew Christian's Steamy New Book Dares To Bare... And Empower. The designer's Sex = Power = Freedom  is passionately political.
Meet The Gay Stars Of A Quirky New Kellogg's Corn Flakes Campaign. Find out how Chris and Mark like their cereal, too.
MOMA Is Creating Safe Spaces For LGBTQ Teens Who Love Art. \u2764\ufe0f\ufe0f  \u2764\ufe0f\ufe0f  \u2764\ufe0f\ufe0f
Politician Wants To Make It A Crime To Call Pat McCrory Out As A Bigot. Dan Bishop believes \lines are being crossed.\
The Queer Response To Trump's Promise To Build Wall Along Mexican Border. \u201cAmerica has long been a beacon of hope for LGBTQ and HIV-positive asylum seekers and refugees.\u201d
Love Wins In Singer Dyllan Murray's Heartfelt New Music Video. The singer wrote \No Wrong Way\ for his gay dads, but had a bigger tale to tell.
'Queer Eye For The Straight Guy' Is Getting A Reboot On Netflix. Will the show be must-see TV\u2026 or full of tired stereotypes?
4 Things You Should Never Say To The Queer Cripple During Or After Sex. Avoiding these phrases will ensure your next encounter with a sexy, seated lover will end with happy moans and cripple cuddles instead of groans of discomfort.
You Probably Missed The Troubling Thing Sean Spicer Said About LGBTQ Rights. It was brief, but it said a lot.
How Far Have We Come? Attending The Women's March As A Trans Woman. The women\u2019s movement has historically failed to include all women in its fight for liberation. Hundreds of thousands gathered
Watch This Drag Queen Interview Trump Supporters At The Inauguration. Courtney Act also made an appearance at the Women's March.
Get Up Close And Personal With Trans Model And YouTube Star GiGi Gorgeous. \I hope people walk away from this film knowing that anything is possible if you put your mind to it and that life is yours for the taking.\u201d
Congressman. \Almost all of this will slowly come out as more investigations happen,\  the rep said.
Former NC Governor Chased And Cornered By Pro-LGBTQ Protesters. Pat McCrory can't escape the lingering effect of his state's \bathroom bill.\
After Hours. In the summer of 1992, in the early hours of a Sunday morning, Richard Renaldi and his boyfriend Eric left The Sound Factory
This Comedian Feels 'Emboldened' To Be Gay After The 2016 Election. Trump's anti-LGBTQ agenda has a reverse effect on Justin Sayre.
Jewish And Queer?. This article was written by Livvy K., an Essex County, NJ Middle School Student. The following article is a part of a new
Dear America, It Gets Better. Love, North Carolina. Let us remind you that change starts locally!
Queer Icon Kate Bornstein Holds Groundbreaking Conversation With Theda Hammel. And you can watch the entire thing here!
Ellen Recruits Hollywood's Biggest LGBTQ Stars To Pay Tribute To Obama. NPH, Laverne Cox, Tom Daley and more reflect on the past 8 years.
President Trump, Please Don\u2019t Roll Back Progress On Trans Rights. My Son\u2019s Counting on You.. If the president turns a blind eye toward the discrimination transgender people face, it may literally mean the difference between life and death for many.
Drag Legend Sherry Vine Takes On Donald Trump In Powerful New Parody. \We don\u2019t know what the future has in store for us.\
Queer Activists To Stage Anti-Inaugural 'GAG Ball' In D.C.. Gays Against Guns is taking on Trump once again.
Britain's Most LGBTQ-Friendly Employer Might Surprise You. Lloyds Banking Group is hailed as \a trailblazer\ for equality.
Caitlyn Jenner Rep Responds To Rumors Of Inaugural Dance With Trump. \The real question is if they danced, who would lead?\u201d
Hundreds Of Queer People Held A Guerrilla Dance Party Outside Mike Pence's Home. And you have to see it to believe it.
Obama 'Could Not Be Prouder' Of His Administration's LGBTQ Legacy. At his final press conference, POTUS seemed faintly optimistic about the future.
Chance The Rapper's Younger Brother Comes Out As Bisexual. Welcome to the family, Taylor!
Republican Legislator Kills Anti-Trans Bill To Focus On Non-Bigoted Things. Well isn't this a pleasant surprise?
This Photo's Hidden History Makes Me Want To Fight Trump Even More. We will get through this because we have to get through this.
Right Wing Media Blast Manning Sentence News With Outrageous Transphobia. It's too sickening for words.
In LGBTQ 'Paradise,' This Transgender Activist Is Breaking Barriers. Thailand's Nada Chaiyajit won a landmark case in December.
Watch The Powerful Trailer For Katie Couric's 'Gender Revolution' Doc. \If you love someone then you're willing to do what it takes.\
Chelsea Manning And The Brutality Of Transphobia In America. Apparently, no punishment is too extreme for a transgender soldier as opposed to a cisgender general
There's Going To Be A Huge Queer Dance Party At Mike Pence's House. \Get ready to WERK it and tell Daddy Pence
This Cop Is Seattle\u2019s First Openly Transgender Officer. \It sends a message to the community that we\u2019re a police department and a city, quite frankly, that is accepting of people.\
These Trans People Want Jackie Evancho To Dump Trump Inauguration. Doing so, they say, would be a wonderful, pro-LGBTQ move.
Cody Alan. The country music personality came out as gay in early January.
Why Education Secretary Nominee Betsy DeVos Is A Dangerous Threat to LGBTQ Equality. Trump's pick is an anti-LGBTQ crusader who wants to \advance God's Kingdom.\
Why Us Why Now. My name is Josh and I am one of the writers on ABC\u2019s The Real O\u2019Neals. I was raised in Fayetteville, Georgia. My father is
For Every Little, Chiron, Black of \Moonlight\. The movie makes a humble yet grand gesture in the right direction for canonizing the black gay male experience.
This Dinner Party Handbook Is The Perfect Way To Learn Queer History. We need resources like this now more than ever.
The Internet Wants To Give Chelsea Manning A Hug. NBC reports that she is on President Obama\u2019s \u201cshort list\u201d for commutation.
With Love from the Prodigal Daughter. \I believe he can\u2019t know how powerfully he hurt me.\
From HIV Prevention to Wild Parties. As I was waiting for the mass to end at Christ Church Cambridge one Sunday morning and for John Wambere to come out of the
Choreographer, Reality TV Star Glenn Douglas Packard Directs Queer-Themed Horror Film. In 2015, Packard sat down to make his dream a reality. Now 18 months later, Packard is anxious to introduce the world to
Meet The Author That Turned Grief Into The Year\u2019s First Great YA Novel. A New York Times bestseller returns with a novel that explores the beautiful scars of first love and death.
This Gay Man Abstained From Sex For A Year So He Could Donate Blood. Jay Franzone aimed to highlight the FDA's \deep-rooted stigma.\
This Woman's Job Is To Help Protect Human Rights In New York City. Carmelyn P. Malalis discusses her position as NYC Human Rights Commissioner.
Country Stars Offer Support For Cody Alan After Coming Out. \u2764\ufe0f\ufe0f  \u2764\ufe0f\ufe0f  \u2764\ufe0f\ufe0f
More Than 10 Million Americans Now Identify As LGBT. \ud83e\udd84  \ud83e\udd84  \ud83e\udd84
White House's LGBT Liaison Fears Trump's Approach To Queer Issues. Raffi Freedman-Gurspan said she has \chills\ thinking about the loss of her role.
Lea DeLaria Announces Split From Fianc\u00e9e In Hilarious Instagram. \Please exclude us from the tragic and basic celebrity breakup narrative.\
Donald Trump's Inauguration Singer Speaks Out Against Transgender Bathroom Bills. \u201cFor me it\u2019s not political,\u201d the 16-year-old classical crossover singer said. \u201cIt\u2019s just accepting people for who they are.\u201d
Caitlyn Jenner Will Reportedly Attend Donald Trump's Inauguration. The reality star has said the president-elect  \seems very much behind the LGBT community.\
This Man Is Writing Ridiculously Hilarious Gay Porn About 'Domald Tromp'. ...and it's amazing.
Andy Cohen Set To Host An All-New 'Love Connection' Game Show. It's a match made in TV heaven already.
Billy Eichner Boogied With Obama And Ellen Got All The Details. The comedian said the experience was \unreal.\
Vivica A. Fox Apologizes For Saying Gays Are Not Welcome At Her Strip Show. Thanks, girl.
Is PrEP Failing To Reach Those At The Highest Risk Of Contracting HIV?. The use of Truvada as PrEP\u2014pre-exposure prophylaxis to prevent HIV\u2014is going gangbusters. By the end of 2015, likely well
A Day In The Life After You've Been Kicked Out For Being LGBTQ. As darkness blanketed New York City, Skye Adrian sat alone outside his parents\u2019 apartment, devastated and left with very
Ex-Lawmaker Wants 'Immoral' Gay People Disqualified From Teaching. The ever-predictable Gordon Klingenschmitt strikes again.
Trump's Attorney General Pick Opposes Hate Crime Laws And Roe v. Wade. Jeff Sessions has also had to repeatedly defend racist comments he's made throughout his entire career.
Second Reported Trans Woman Murdered In The US This Year. 2017 is already proving that 2016 wasn\u2019t a fluke. We\u2019re only a week into the new year and we\u2019ve just found out about the
Soccer Chief Says Group Of Closeted Gay Players May All Come Out At Same Time. This article originally appeared on Outsports. Greg Clarke had a bumpy 2016 in regards to LGBT issues. The head of the Football
Janelle Monae Speaks Out Against Anti-Gay Hate. She was prompted by a question about Kim Burrell's hate speech.
California Bans Its Employees From Traveling To States With Anti-LGBTQ Laws. \ud83d\ude4c  \ud83d\ude4c  \ud83d\ude4c
What I Learned From Reading the Comments Sections. Judgment and hatred are alive and well but voices of love far outnumber the hate.
This Is What Boy Scouts' Intolerance To Transgender People Is Doing. It seems that with the Boy Scouts of America (BSA), it's two steps forward and a dozen back when it comes to acceptance. First
Thanks, Obama. \Under your stewardship, the US has become an LGBT city upon a hill.\
What's It Like To Be Bisexual? The Tough Questions. We must step out of the closet every day.
Treading Water In A Sea Of Anxiety. \u201cWe should be celebrating everyone as much as we can. There\u2019s so much darkness that it\u2019s hard to keep your head above water
Fighting for Kids in the Gender Revolution. \I am resolved this year to remain fearless.\
Coming Out To Your Conservative Christian Parents? Some Advice From An Evangelical Pastor. Your news might be a bitter pill for them to swallow, but this is a conversation that you must have.
Jeffrey Tambor Had To Overcome Serious Nerves For 'Transparent' Role. The Emmy-winner sad, \I thought I was going to lose my breakfast.\
IBM Just Made An Awesomely Queer-Friendly Move. The company says the graphic is an affirmation of \u201cdiversity, acceptance and inclusion.\u201d
How One Texas Judge May Have Sealed The Fate Of LGBTQ Rights Under Donald Trump. The goal is to make it acceptable to discriminate based on religious beliefs
Look What We Found On Craigslist -- Better LGBTQ Health!. Some of the other biggest LGBTQ wellness stories of the week.
Pharrell Offers Ellen A Powerful Response To Kim Burrell's Homophobic Remarks. \There\u2019s no room for any kind of prejudice in 2017.\
Coachella's Owner Under Fire For Alleged Ties To Anti-LGBTQ Groups. Here's something to consider before draining your bank account for tickets.
'Love Is Love' Comic Anthology Honors, Mourns Pulse Nightclub Victims. It's a heartbreaking comic that celebrates the enduring love of the LGBTQ community.
Why The Leather Community Is Cautiously Optimistic About Fashion\u2019s Fetish Moment. Last week, Comme des Gar\u00e7ons teamed up with Vetements on a limited-edition capsule collection of sweaters. Teased on Instagram
Drew Droege As Chlo\u00eb Sevigny Is Everything We Need In 2017. She's here to educate about grandparents -- or is it gr\u00e1unperaunce?
Caitlyn Jenner Announces Mac Line For 'All Sexes. All Ages. All Races'. \ud83d\ude4c  \ud83d\ude4c  \ud83d\ude4c
Frank Ocean's Mom Wants Anti-Gay Singer Cut From Her Son's Album. Count Katonya Breaux among those who are disenchanted by Kim Burrell.
New Queer Filmmaker Responds To Post-Election Violence With A Mission To Find Peace. So to find peace I think we need to reject this idea that we can't create peace ourselves. Peace is a practice that starts
Billy Eichner Asks. \Who?\
Trans Teen's Gender Confirmation Surgery Beautifully Documented By Nat Geo. \u201cIt\u2019s what happens to women just trying to be at peace with themselves and their bodies.\u201d
4 LGBTQ FAQs In The Trumpocalypse. Let\u2019s address four of the most common questions.
Robbie Rogers Announces Engagement To Greg Berlanti. \u2764\ufe0f
Stars Slam 'Hidden Figures' Singer's Homophobic Sermon. Pharrell, Janelle Monae, Chaka Khan and others just aren't having any of it.
Show Me On The Doll Where 2016 Touched You. It was the year we learned that our neighbors, our friends, our lovers, the people we care about deeply and thought we knew
'Gender Creative' is Not the New 'Hipster'. They're everywhere. Gender non-conforming, gender diverse, gender variant people. From cisgender men wearing \man buns\ to
Solidarity Movements in 2017 Establishment Progressivism. In 1970, Black Panther Party co-founder Huey Newton published a communiqu\u00e9 \u201cOn the Middle East.\u201d Beyond the important rhetoric
These 16 Great Videos Remind Us What It Meant To Be LGBTQ In 2016. It was a year on the move, in more ways than one.
Queer Brooklyn Art Collective, Party Duo Shutter Their Practice. \We\u2019ll both be focusing on our individual careers as artists and collaborating outside the dance floor.\
'It\u2019s Hard to Show the World I Exist'. In 2010, Chelsea Manning leaked thousands of classified documents in an attempt to shed light on the \u201ctrue cost of war\u201d in
Here\u2019s What Happened When I Said I Couldn\u2019t Be \u2018Friends\u2019 With A Trump Supporter. Many supporters are defensive about the fact that they tolerated bigotry and hate.
The Biggest LGBT Advances Of 2016. Do we have to do a year in review for 2016? This was a rough one, but what if I told you there were some really great milestones
13 Moments That Made Us Proud To Be Queer In 2016. Remembering these moments is more important now than even before.
Why Broadway's 'Falsettos' Is A 'Reality Check' For LGBTQ Audiences. For choreographer Spencer Liff, the musical has a personal message.
Carrie Fisher Raised Billie Lourd 'Without Gender'. Another testament to her awesomeness.
No, Ivanka Trump Is Not A Victim. Ivanka Trump, her husband Jared Kushner, and their two children recently broke with familial norms and boarded a commercial
Gay Podcasters Pick Their Top Entertainment of 2016. From the podcast Bad Gay Movies, Bitchy Gay Men, Bil Antoniou chose Isabelle Huppert in Elle, and Daniel Krolik liked Season
Dear White People, Let's Talk About Combating Racism. Dear White People, I\u2019ve debated for a while whether or not to even write what I\u2019ve learned so far on racism, out of fear
A Year Ago I Had a Baby. So Did My Wife.. o improve their odds, they both tried \u2014 and, to their surprise, they both became pregnant. In \u201cMy Wife and I Are (Both) Pregnant
A Look Back At 2016's Best, Worst And Ugliest Queer Political Moments. The LGBTQ community was hit hard over the last 12 months.
Surgeon General Says LGBTQ Youth Should Be A Priority. We Think So, Too.. The LGBTQ health stories of the week.
Lessons From New Jersey. We first made the acquaintance of Joe Maldonado, the 8-year-old Secaucus, NJ boy who was kicked out of his Boy Scouts troop
2016. 
Here Are 13 Of The Worst Anti-LGBTQ Villains Of 2016. 2017, take the wheel!
British TV Host Says He Doesn't Eat Ice Cream Because He's Not Gay. Say WHAT, Richard Hammond?!?!?
New York Subway Station Features Gay Couple In Groundbreaking Mural. It's believed to be the city's first permanent, non-political LGBTQ piece of public art.
Dad\u2019s Christmas Card To Bi Daughter Shows What Pride Is All About. \In the spring, when I hang the flags up, I would be proud to hang yours up.\
Trying To Keep The Faith. He laid the groundwork for a number of queer cultural figures.
George Michael Helped Me Survive Being Closeted. I lived in a bubble within a bubble within a bubble of repression and denial.
Still Smoking with HIV? You're Not The Only One.. The latest queer health stories.
These Twenty-Somethings Hope To Inspire Their Generation To Foster Children Now. \u201cWe were young, but competent enough to do whatever we needed to give foster kids a chance at some normalcy.\u201d
We Asked Asexuals What They Fantasize About. \u201cI fantasize about my future with my partner, achieving a certain level of success in our careers, getting out of debt. Oh
14 Of Our Favorite Queer Heroes Of 2016. To everyone on this list we'd just like to say
The Inaccessibility Of Public Sex As A Queer Cripple. The sudden passing of pop singer George Michael last night has taken the world by surprise. Those of us in the LGBTQ+ community
George Michael Was A 'Filthy' Gay 'F***er' And We Should Honor Him For That. We could all learn a lot from his unapologetic approach to his sexuality.
These Guys Sang Mariah Carey's Christmas Smash For A Great Reason. The men want their diva-licious holiday parody to send a message of love.
A Special Gift From My Grandmother. I don't have to leave David somewhere or make him hide when Grandma visits.
Noah's Ark Theme Park Wants To Reclaim The Rainbow From Pesky Queer People. \ud83d\ude44
You Are No Less Of A Man For Having Been Assaulted. Our society creates an atmosphere that erases the experiences of non-female survivors of sexual assault.
Man First To Face Prosecution Under Matthew Shepard Hate Crimes Act. For the first time since its passage in 2009, the Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr.\u00a0Hate Crimes Prevention Act has been
Anne Rice. The Vampire Chronicles author also has a new project in the works.
Kodak's Short Film About 'Understanding' Will Take Your Breath Away. Somehow they perfectly captured the terror of coming out and the power of love in under three minutes.
New Coloring Book Introduces Kids Of All Genders To Menstruation. \Why shouldn\u2019t we teach kids, even those years away from their first cycle, that periods are nothing to be ashamed of?\
The Dangers of the Gay Conservative Movement. A new wave of LGBT millennials have taken Trump\u2019s victory as a call to action.
'Bachelor' Contestants Respond To Claims That Their Love Is A Publicity Stunt. The women were named Maxim Australia's \Couple of the Year.\
Queer Nativity Scenes Show That It's Love That Makes A Family. Because Jesus came from an untraditional family, too.
This Gay Sci-Fic Video Game Is The Perfect Holiday Gift. Will you be able to escape from Pleasure Planet?
How Dare You Want To Teach People To Market To The Gay Community!?. Previously, I shared an email I received with you regarding a crank pot who didn\u2019t really agree or understand what it is
Meryl Streep Is About To Add Another Major Award To Her Mantel. The legendary actress will be honored for her LGBTQ advocacy work.
Anderson Cooper Cozies Up To Some Elephants On Myanmar Vacation. The CNN anchor and his partner caught some rays while tending to the beautiful creatures.
Here Is An Amazing New Resource To Help Trans People In Los Angeles. If you're in LA, this group is here for you.
This Man Makes Sure Foster Youth Have A Place To Call Their Own This Christmas. The amazing journey of one former foster youth to philanthropist.
This Couple's Beyonc\u00e9 Flash Mob Proposal Will Give You Life Goals. The Aussies hope their engagement sends a \memorable\ message, too.
Drew Droege Is Sassy, Sloshed And Single In A Hilarious New Play. \Bright Colors and Bold Patterns\ is a not-to-be-missed solo comedy.
Straightland, A Family Emigration Story. Once my parents freed me from the family secret, I could be \u201cout\u201d as their daughter. I moved to Kansas and kept a photo of
'Rogue One'. There is plenty in Rogue One that may surprise you, but most of those surprises are predicated on your familiarity with the
J.K. Rowling Beautifully Pays Tribute To Pulse Nightclub Victims. She's among many to contribute to a new anthology.
'Brady Bunch' Star Responds To Claims That She's Homophobic. Susan Olsen finds it \hilarious\ she's been labeled anti-gay.
Could Republicans Undo Marriage Equality? Yes -- And Here's How. It's a three-step program that's already underway.
Is The Tech Industry The Trojan Horse For LGBTQ Rights Around The World?. In the US, over the past decade, LGBT rights has progressed dramatically. However, progress in other parts of the world has
How \u2018Moonlight\u2019 Looks Out For The Humanity In Us. After over-extending our welcome at Angelika Theater, we \u2014 two friends and I \u2014 find our respective subway stations and carry
A Gay Man's Chat With Mom Has A Life-Changing Effect On A Stranger. You won't want to miss \Listen.\
Allyship. Why sometimes we should \just shut our mouths.\
All About The (Gay) Love Of 'Auntie Mame'. When it comes to the 1958 classic, Justin Sayre tells it like it is.
Virtual Care Package Is Perfect Thing For Parents Of Newly Out LGBTQ Kids. \It is okay to have questions, it is okay to have confusing feelings.\
The Warwick Rowers Have A Cheeky Message For Donald Trump. The president-elect could soon get an eyeful -- for a great cause, that is.
Face It, Pope Francis, The Catholic Church Is A Gay Institution. To the shock of many of us LGBTQ people of faith is the Vatican\u2019s recent decision in the document The Gift of Priestly Vocation
Because I'm Gay And In High School, Legislators Don't Care About My Health. It doesn\u2019t benefit anyone to \u201cforget\u201d the trans and gay students confined within the classroom\u2019s walls.
'Heartbroken' RuPaul On Trump Win. We feel you, Ru.
Man Reportedly Unleashes Trump-Inspired Anti-LGBTQ Rant At Church. The stranger was reportedly angered by a rainbow flag at the inclusive parish.
School Kids Get Cruel, Homophobic Xmas 'Gift' Handed To Them On Bus. A note outside one package read
The Awesome Reason These Moms Are Purposely Building Their Family With Older Kids. \u201cPeople look at older kids as damaged goods and they\u2019re not!\
New Digital Surveillance Laws Could Destroy The Online Queer Community. In light of recent events in the U.S. \u2015 namely Trump\u2019s America and all its accompanying darkness\u00a0\u2015 it\u2019s been easy to forget
Loretta Lynch Believes 'History Is On The Side' Of LGBTQ People. The attorney general sounded off on Trump with Rachel Maddow.
Lady Bunny Drags Trump With 'Twas The Night Before Trumpmas'. \ud83c\udf85\ud83c\udffc \ud83c\udf84 \ud83d\ude02
Despondent Rosie O'Donnell. \We have 7 days left / to pull off the impossible\
Have Rural Communities Lost The Right To A Safe, Legal Abortion?. Bans like these make it impossible for some of us to get medical care.
Broadway's Telly Leung Wants His Latest Work To Spur Social Change. \Art doesn't exist in a vacuum\ for the \In Transit\ star.
This Camp Offers LGBTQ Youth An Incredible Way To Celebrate The Holidays. Camp Lightbulb promises \a bright picture of queer life.\
'Family' Group Takes Its Anti-LGBTQ Crusade To The Global Stage. And they're counting on Donald Trump to help them out.
100 Drag Queens Come Together To Make The Holidays 'Gay And Bright'. These queens own Christmas.
LGBTQ Asylum Seekers Deserve Safety. For too many people around the world, \coming out\ continues to be fundamentally dangerous. It is still illegal to be gay
A Sex Worker Explains How to Get Over Your STD Paranoia. Lydia Faithfull is a full-time sex worker and Madam of Alien Cathouse brothel in Nevada. She specializes in domination, humiliation
Trump's Antigay Cabinet and LGBTQ Rights. Although Donald Trump called himself a \u201csupporter\u201d of LGBTQ rights, his cabinet and senior staff will include some of the
Former 'Brady Bunch' Star Under Fire After Report Of Homophobic Rant. Susan Olsen, aka \Cindy Brady,\ may have even lost her talk show gig.
International LGBT Leaders Conference has Record Attendance. 
Here's An Easy Way To Fight Hate. It's hard not to feel overwhelmed. It's hard to know where to start. We've been thinking about it and talking about it constantly, and one of the simplest, most gratifying and empowering responses I can think of is for all of us to just stop giving those people pleasure.
A Gay Couple Got Engaged At A Chicago Bulls Game -- An NBA First. This article originally appeared on Outsports. The engagement was a few days in the making. Jake Conrad took to Facebook
Brazilian Squatters Offer Shelter From Anti-LGBTQ Violence. \u201cIt\u2019s not my fault that I live in a society with an empty heart and mind.\u201d
A Veteran LGBTQ Activist On Resistance And Key Lessons Of Political Backlash. Remember Reagan?
Madonna's 'Rebel Heart' Still Beats For Detroit After All These Years. Get a sneak peek at her upcoming concert documentary.
Megan Mullally Says There's A 'Good Chance' Of 'Will & Grace' Returning. And it couldn't be more relevant in Trump's America, she said.
New Documentary To Focus On LGBTQ 'Safe Spaces' In The South. In Trump's America, \Southern Pride\ couldn't feel more relevant.
Donald Trump Inspires Self-Defense Classes in LGBTQ Community. Blake always brings mace with him when he leaves the house in drag, but now he worries if that\u2019s enough. Rachel has begun
For Trans Women Killed By Oakland Fire, Struggle For Respect Continues In Death. Instead of grieving for her friends, Scout Wolfcave has spent the last two days phoning news reporters and begging them not
NHL Player Proudly Displays Pride Flag On Helmet. Anders Nilsson has seen his gay friends struggle to find acceptance. He\u2019s waving the flag to help them and others. The Sabres
Malta Becomes First European Nation To Ban Gay Conversion Therapy. The practice is now deemed a \u201cdeceptive and harmful\u201d act.
Kelly Osbourne Urges LGBTQ People To Give Trump 'A Chance'. The star's political commentary once again runs amiss.
Meet The Lesbian Activist Group That's Been Kicking Butt For 25 Years. The Lesbian Avengers have a history of causing the best kind of trouble.
ACLU And LGBT Groups Call On Obama To Grant Clemency To Chelsea Manning. WASHINGTON \u2014 The American Civil Liberties Union and over a dozen LGBT groups sent a letter to President Barack Obama today
Them Are Us Too's Cash Askew Among the Confirmed Dead in Oakland Fire. Cash Askew of Bay Area dream-pop band\u00a0Them Are Us Too\u00a0is among the victims whose lives were claimed by the tragic warehouse
Following Attacks, Gay Bangladeshis Are Retreating Into The Closet. \We have never imagined the situation would be like this.\
Pulse Nightclub Owner Will Not Sell Property Targeted By Mass Shooting. She wants to turn the site into \a sanctuary of hope.\
A Coalition Of Organizations Is Making It Easier Than Ever To Get PrEP. If you're in New York, check out this valuable resource.
Really, You\u2019re Blaming Transgender People for Trump?. It was the morning after the election. The bottle of Champagne I\u2019d opened as part of an anticipated victory celebration still
A New Book Is Examining Lesbian Erotica And The Male Gaze Through The Ages (NSFW). \When I see fantasy repeated so often it becomes truth, I have to step in.\
Masked Singer FHB Defies Labels, Says \It Takes A Lot Of Bravery To Go Against The Grain\. \u201cDiscrimination, racism, sexism is still very much alive in this world, and it\u2019s something I strongly disagree with,\u201d said
Diary Of A Queer Kid's Mom. Dear Diary, I haven\u2019t been avoiding you intentionally. In all honesty, I realize I\u2019ve just been mentally paralyzed since
Woman Displays 10,000 Rainbow Lights To Defy Homophobic Neighbor. A sparkling example of how love trumps hate.\ud83c\udf84
Woman Who Bought Dinner For Anti-Gay Family Speaks Out. Natalie Elle Elaine Woods is blowing up these days in the most joyful and healing way possible, and it's all because of a simple act of kindness that has inspired people all around the world.
Allies And Chill. I ask you today to get uncomfortable, learn, listen and absorb these ways that will allow you to show up and be an ally to the trans community in particular.
NYC Gay Men's Chorus Members Pay Homage To 'The Golden Girls'. ...and we couldn't love it more if it featured cheesecake.
How 'Search Party' Star John Early Made 2016 A Little Bit Brighter. The queer actor-comedian is just the comic relief we need this year.
The Trans People Who Are Detransitioning To Stay Safe In Trump\u2019s America. Being homeless and living in a tent in the mountains wasn\u2019t exactly where Addy had expected to be at 31. A month ago, she\u2019d
Queer Teens Juggle Identity And Conformity in Emotional Video. The clip aims to help youth tell their stories \authentically.\
This 'Drag Race' All Star Is Giving A Special Christmas Show In NYC. Spend the holidays with the \Drag Race\ queens.
Merriam-Webster Has Become A Hilarious, Shade-Throwing LGBTQ Ally. Language is more important than ever.
How Young Gay Men Are At The Frontline Of AIDS Prevention In China. More than 654,000 people are living with HIV/AIDS in the nation.
What #DigitalHealth Can Learn from the Fight Against HIV/AIDS. HIV researchers were among the first professionals to create health solutions using consumer technology. Since the HIV epidemic
How These Moms Overcame Challenges In Their Journey To Becoming A Family. \u201cEach of us has a choice to hide and live in fear, or to speak out for what is right.\u201d
'Star Trek. And he'll be played by \Rent\ star Anthony Rapp, no less.
Drag Icon Charles Busch Sings A 'Muppets' Classic On His New Album. The star will return to the cabaret stage on New Year's Eve.
Donald Trump Was About To Make Jerry Falwell, Jr. Education Secretary. Let That Sink In.. \Gays and lesbians,\ Falwell Sr. said, were partly to blame for the 9/11 attacks
Here's A Great Way To Explain What Transgender Means To Kids. \Sometimes doctors don't assign the right genders.\
Lady Gaga Wows Homeless LGBTQ Youth With Surprise Performance. \I want this to affect other people around the world.\
Are Microaggressions On The Rise In Pittsburgh?. I refuse to hunker down and hope my home withstands the storm when I could shelter with my neighbors and rebuild together.
The Beauty And Splendor Of Being A Slut. This originally appeared on VICE US It was when I read an opinion piece by a British writer Dylan Jones that I learned I
Mariela Castro Brings The Fight For LGBTQ Rights Home In Cuba. The promise that Marxism would level the playing field of human dignity never quite worked out for the LGBTQ community
Dear President Obama. Dear President Obama, This week I watched you place the Presidential Medal of Freedom on Ellen DeGeneres as she struggled
Want To Boycott Trump's Businesses? Now There's An App For That. \We've accepted Trump won the election but that doesn't mean we have to accept everything he stands for.\
Madonna Celebrates Thanksgiving With Homeless LGBTQ Youth. \Because everyone deserves to be loved and everyone deserves a home.\u201d
Gay Men Are Caught Between Happiness And Social Norms In This Short Film. \Life of Silence\ depicts the struggles many face in nations without marriage equality.
If Joe Jonas Played Gay, Here's Who His Dream Co-Star Would Be. The DNCE frontman also revealed a fondness for \whips and leather.\
'One Million Moms' Is Going Totally Ballistic Over This New Zales Ad. They need to take 1 million chill pills.
Need A Distraction? This Groundbreaking Web Series Is Free For A Limited Time. \u201cIt\u2019s now more important than perhaps ever before to have queer stories to relate to.\
GOP Politician Who Sexted Teen Boy Says He's 'Not Gay' In Bizarre Interview. He previously admitted to exchanging explicit sexts with the teen.
And He Came Unto Himself.... Last night, I had dinner with friends at the Silver Dollar in Louisville, Kentucky. It was the first time I really had a conversation, or was willing to, about the election and President-elect Trump.
My Transgender Life. 
New Song Tackles The Fraught Relationship Between Religion And Sexuality. The video for \Holy\ only aims to advocate love.
Tips For Being The Best Drag Queen You Can Be. What Protects At-Risk Youth from HPV? A study of at-risk youth, about half of whom were LGBT, found that only 8% of males
Ellen DeGeneres Wipes Away Tears As Obama Lauds Her For Breaking Barriers. \u201cEllen counters what too often divides us with the countless things that bind us together,\ Obama said in awarding her the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
Donald Trump\u2019s Authoritarian Attack On The Queer Community \u2013 And How To Survive It. \Rule #1
With Trump As President, Outlets And Parties For Queer Women Are Critical. We need these places to find joy, love and community in the unpredictable months ahead.
He Survived The Shooting At Pulse.. But What Would His Life Become?. ORLANDO \u2014 \u201cAre you ready?\u201d asked the woman in the white coat. Angel Santiago nodded, then immediately regretted it. The nurse
These Drag Superstars Are Searching For The World's First Drag Supermonster. \We\u2019re celebrating the uncelebrated.\
Husbands Share Joyful Holiday Story For Hershey's Kisses Campaign. Josh and Matt Noble's NYC Christmas will be a first.
Here's An Invaluable Way To Talk To Kids About The 2016 Election Results. It's ok to feel sad, scared and confused.
Two Trans Women From The Bronx Open Up About Their Lives And Communities. \It's never too late to start transitioning.\
We Are Still 2004. 2004 was a rough time for a gay kid in rural America. In the wake of President George W. Bush\u2019s push for the Federal Marriage
Boy George Opens Up About Happiness, Being A U.S. Politics Junkie And More. \\u2019I've discovered that as I\u2019ve gotten older, you can invest in happiness, you can make a choice.\
Mike Pence\u2019s Hateful Laws Almost Kept Me From My Dying Wife. Amy Sandler was a plaintiff in Baskin v. Bogan, which challenged Indiana\u2019s denial of marriage rights to same-sex couples
Documenting the Secret Lives Of India's LGBTQ Youth. Photographers Sunil Gupta and Charan Singh met at an HIV conference in Delhi in 2009. Both had been a part of India\u2019s queer
Logo Is Presenting 'Mrs. Doubtfire' As You've Never Seen It Before. \Cocktails & Classics\ is full of memories, trivia and more.
Meet The Texas Lawmaker Fighting For Queer Youth (And Everyone Else). \I refuse to give up on this country.\
A Song For Transgender Day Of Remembrance. \u201dHero\u201d is a song I wrote in honor of Transgender Day of Remembrance, a solemn day which the worldwide transgender community
Transgender Day Of Remembrance Memorial. About three years ago, I stepped on a plane to Kampala, Uganda. At the time, the media was reporting about Uganda as a place
Laura Jane Grace's Advice For Trans Youth Who Are Coming Out. \It\u2019s important to not feel like you\u2019re apologizing for anything.\
Will You Join Me?. \u201cMom, what does \u2018faggot\u2019 mean?\u201d
New Series Explores The Challenges Of Coming Out Of The HIV 'Closet'. Danny Pintauro will star in the second season of \Unsure/Positive.\
Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui Comes Out As Bisexual In Letter To Trump Supporters. \u201cI will gladly take the label of \u2018bitch\u2019 and \u2018problematic\u2019 for speaking my mind.\
With Star Quality Intact, Ben Rimalower Returns To The NYC Stage. The sassy writer-performer will perform \Patti Issues\ and \Bad With Money.\
Here's An Amazing Way To Help Trans People In NYC This Weekend. It's more important that we take care of each other now than ever before.
The LGBTQ Community Knows How to Fight, And We Still Have A Lot Of Fight Left In Us. Excerpts from remarks delivered at the Human Rights Campaign Chicago gala dinner on Saturday, November 12, 2016, following
First-Time Author Offers Kids A Splashy Tale Of Self-Acceptance. Love and compassion is found under the waves in A Different Dolphin.
Why Sweden Just Opened the First Male Rape Clinic In the World. Last week, Sweden announced the opening of a male rape crisis center\u2013the first one specifically for men in the world. We
This Hair Stylist Is Helping Trans Youth Transform Into Their Authentic Selves. \Affirmative action has a new face after the election results,\
UMass Students' Hold 'S**t In' Demanding Gender Neutral Bathrooms. One organizer said, \u201cWe want a third space that does not have cultural or gender surveillance.\u201d
Trump's Potential SCOTUS Pick Has Said Crazy Awful Things About Queer People. William H. Pryor has a history of anti-LGBT sentiment.
How One Good Deed Led To These Two Women Building Their Beautiful Family. \u201cIf you find someone that you love, and you both want children, don\u2019t wait!\u201d
These Buttons Want You To 'F**k Up' Bigots. Here's an alternative to that safety pin you've been wearing.
Trans People Rush To Legally Confirm Gender Before Trump Steps In. The move comes amidst reports of attacks against people from minority groups.
NKOTB's Jonathan Knight Popped The Question To His Longtime Boyfriend. Congrats, Jonathan and Harley!
Four Toxic Messages I Learned About Gender (And Four To Teach Instead). Young people are often denied the opportunity to explore gender for themselves and instead are told about gender by the adults
LGBTQ People Flood Crisis Hotlines After Trump's Surprise Victory. Some say they've experienced harassment firsthand since Nov. 8.
The San Francisco Gay Men's Chorus Will 'Bring Light' To Red States. \u201cWe, as a country, have a long road to travel,\u201d the men said.
Chelsea Manning Asks Obama to Cut Sentence to Time Served. Chelsea Manning, who confessed to disclosing archives of secret diplomatic and military documents to WikiLeaks in 2010 and
Poz 100 Celebrates 100 People Of The Year Fighting HIV/AIDS. The POZ 100 list celebrates people working to end the HIV/AIDS epidemic. In the past, we\u2019ve highlighted groups such as researchers
LGBTQ Trump Voters. 14% of LGBTQ people voted Trump -- a sobering and agonizing reality.
Moving forward.. \I still believe in America, and I always will. Our nation needs us, now, more than ever.\
Embracing The Otherness Of Gay Men In The Trump-Pence Era. For the last two months, I have been working on my new book. Using a life histories approach, the book examines the coming
A Millennial's Letter to Donald Trump. Dear President-Elect Donald J. Trump
Dear Mother. I refuse to stand back and watch things revert to the old hierarchy I hope you\u2019ll stand with me.
The Mike Pence (Donald Trump) Assault On LGBTQ Equality Is Already Underway. It\u2019s only a matter of time before we know the full magnitude.
We've Come Too Far. As I escaped to my TV the day after the election, looking for anything but CNN or MSNBC, I found MILK, the film that chronicles
So Much More than Sour Grapes. Election night, my wife and I went out to eat at a Thai and sushi restaurant about 10 miles from our home in rural Central
New Exhibit Goes Behind Bars To Highlight Art By LGBTQ Prisoners. \On The Inside\ highlights the talents of an oft-overlooked group.
Here's An Amazing Resource For Helping Kids Understand Bisexuality. It also breaks down pansexuality
A Gay Immigrant\u2019s Perspective On Trump's Election Win. I think it\u2019s highly unlikely that marriage equality gets repealed, but hey, never say never.
The Unclear Future of Trans Rights Under Trump. Two years ago, a black trans woman was photographed for the cover of Time magazine. That image represented a clear change
Dear Queer America. Let us never stop fighting, even when the end of the world finally arrives.
Gay Couple Meets Hillary Clinton After Surprise Engagement At Her Rally. Their rings are inscribed with \stronger together.\
An Open Letter To The LGBTQ Community On The Eve Of The 2016 Election. In a recent interview with the Washington Blade, Hillary Clinton described me as a \u201crole model\u201d and a \u201ctruly remarkable woman
LGBTQ Community. Do you know what's at stake this election?
RuPaul Has An Important 2016 Election Message For You. \Don't f*ck it up!\
Trump Or Clinton? The Future Of LGBTQ Rights In America. It is the most precarious time for LGBTQ people to be divided. We'll need to be more unified than ever.
With 'House On Fire,' Ty Herndon Aims To 'Change Hearts And Minds'. It's the country star's first album since coming out as a gay man.
'Bathroom Bill' Inspires North Carolina Rep To Come Out As Bisexual. Cecil Brockman doesn't want to be put \in a box\ due to his sexuality.
Young Man Finds 'Strife, Bitterness' In This Haunting Short Film. \Stay With Me\ is loosely based on  Jian-He Lin's own life.
Being LGBT At School In Vietnam -- Viet's Story. It is thought that gender-based violence in Vietnam results from gender norms that support the dominance of men and the subordination
As A Lesbian American/British Couple, Our Hopes For Hillary And Terror For Trump. Listen up, Trump supporters with LGBTQ family and friends.
Meet The 'Oprah Of China' (Who Just Happens To Be Transgender). Jin Xing, China\u2019s most popular TV hostess, has been many things in her life
When This Sports Writer Came Out On The Air, Something Wonderful Happened. Reimer revealed his not-so-secret in the final 20 minutes of their show.
How I Finally Figured Out I\u2019m Queer In My Late Thirties. Being smacked in the face by a major revelation is especially jarring for those of us who are hyper-aware and over-analytical
Suppression Of The Transgender Vote. Even though Trans voices are speaking up, our government isn\u2019t hearing us.
The \u2018G Word\u2019 Project Maps Hundreds Of Gender Stories. When we talk about gender, we often focus on\u00a0topics specifically pertaining to feminism, like rape culture or discrimination
North Carolina GOP Tries (And Fails) To Shut Down Bipartisan Forum On HB2. The modern Republican Party prides itself on its absolute support for free speech. So vigorous is the GOP\u2019s support for the
Hillary Clinton Tells LGBTQ People 'I Will Always Have Your Back'. \u201cWe have so much more work to do.\
Smooth Criminal Seduces A Detective In Gay Homage To Film Noir. The \Light Me Up\ video puts a queer spin on the Hollywood gangster genre.
Hot Dudes Spoof 'Mean Girls' In Support Of Hillary Clinton. Because they can't have \an orange-faced TV star\ as their president.
There Are More LGBTQ TV Characters Than Ever, But Issues Still Abound. GLAAD finds that lesbian TV characters are being killed off, often violently.
Here Is An Easy And Fun Way To Explain What LGBTQ Means To Kids. It's tricky -- let this video help.
Chita Rivera Promises 'Strength,' Style And Surprises At Carnegie Hall. \Nowadays\ will include a nod to the Orlando's Pulse nightclub victims.
Yuengling Owner Backs Trump And Gay Bars Promptly Dump Their Taps. Still, few locals are surprised by Dick Yuengling, Jr.'s views.
The Legend of Goddess Bunny, Hollywood's Forgotten, Disabled, Trans Art Star. The Goddess Bunny entertained generations of gay punks through her tap dancing, film roles, and avant-garde performances
Adorable Lesbian Couple Has A Touching Message For North Carolina. The duo support McCrory's gubernatorial challenger, Roy Cooper.
The Gay We Were. The 1990s were an odd little crossroads for gay entertainment. The dominant mainstream narrative \u2014 when it paid any attention
'Quantico' Star's Musical Tribute To 'Hocus Pocus' Is Everything. Jay Armstrong Johnson put a spell on NYC just in time for Halloween.
'Puppets Of The NRA' Video Exposes Senators Who Have Taken Gun Lobby Money. Gays Against Guns wants you to think twice before voting.
Tom Daley And Dustin Lance Black Get Political With Pumpkins. The pair channel Clinton and Trump with their Halloween carving.
Broadway's Best Celebrate Famed Director Michael Greif In New York. The man who brought \Rent\ to the stage looked back on his career.
Why RuPaul Was A Cultural Icon Long Before 'Drag Race'. RuPaul\u2019s Drag Race is well-known for its combination of hilarious challenges, sickening runway looks and emotive biographies
Why Is Roller Derby Important To So Many Queer Women?. \u201cEven today, there aren\u2019t enough positive role models for young queer people, but the derby community is full of happy, healthy out queer people.\u201d
Haunted House That Planned To Recreate Scenes From Pulse Massacre Canceled. An ad seeking volunteers for the Chicago event reportedly sought dancers and shooting victims.
The 'Star Trek' Gay Porn Parody Of Your Dreams Is Here. Beam me up, Scotty!
This Beautiful Children's Book Is Exploring Queer South Asian Themes. \Being brown has room for queerness in ways that Western culture does not.\
Here's Exactly Why A Vote For Trump Is Vote Against LGBTQ Rights. A Trump/Pence presidency would be devastating for the queer community.
Remembering When Evangelicals Tried To Exorcise Gays With \u2018Hell Houses'. These Christians targeted our children.
Mary Steenburgen On Queer Equality And Her Friendship With Hillary Clinton. \You can\u2019t really sit on the fence.\u201d
Here's The 'Hocus Pocus' Tribute You Didn't Know You Needed. Perfectly spooktacular! \ud83c\udf83
'RuPaul's Drag Race' Stars Reflect On The Orlando Massacre. \I don\u2019t go a day that I don\u2019t think about them.\
Lady Gaga Megafan Honors The Pop Diva With This Incredible Mashup. Duncan Carter gives the Mother Monster a run for her money.
Mother Of Pulse Nightclub Victim Speaks Out For Hillary Clinton. \We have to continue moving forward as an inclusive society.\
H.I.V. Arrived in the U.S. Long Before \u2018Patient Zero\u2019. In the tortuous mythology of the AIDS epidemic, one legend never seems to die
This Trans Woman Has 'Personal' Reasons To Campaign For Clinton. Sarah Jones hit the road for two days in support of the Democratic presidential nominee.
Gay Politician Calls For Yuengling Beer Boycott After Owner Backs Trump. So much for these suds \ud83d\ude15
The Equality House Hit By 7 Bullets, Graffitied In Anti-LGBTQ Attack. \ud83d\ude21  \ud83d\ude21  \ud83d\ude21
Heartwarming Video Tackles What It Means To Have An Intersex Child. The clip is the first ever released by the UN to address intersex issues.
Secret Deodorant Debuts Groundbreaking Transgender Ad. \There\u2019s no wrong way to be a woman.\u201d
Correcting Our Collective Mistake. As someone who cares about my rights and safety as a gay man, I must also care about the rights and safety of people of color, people of different religious beliefs, people who are differently abled, or any member of any stigmatized group.
\We Are Intersex People, And We Don\u2019t Need To Be \u2018Fixed\u2019 By Surgeries\. As part of my job, I spend a lot of time explaining what intersex means. This is harder than it sounds. Intersex awareness
Sad North Carolina Bigots Asked Paypal To Give Them Back Their Bowl. This ridiculousness gives new meaning to the term \jilted lover.\
Here\u2019s What Mike Pence Said On LGBT Issues Over the Years. Indiana Gov. Mike Pence, Donald Trump\u2019s running mate, attracted national attention last year when he signed a religious freedom
This Mexican Artist Is Challenging Sexuality And Gender Norms With Bold Illustrations. One of his artworks depicts a man as Wonder Woman and a female Batman.
'Younger' Star Nico Tortorella. The actor elaborates on what identifying as \sexually fluid\ means to him.
Tom Hanks Wants The New 'Splash' To Have A Gay Twist. And the Oscar winner is ready to be a part of it.
This Is What Intersex Individuals Want You To Know About Their Lives. Happy Intersex Awareness Day!
A Brownstone And One Gay Man's Bitter Fight To Inherit It. Bill Cornwell and Tom Doyle lived in a brownstone in the West Village for over five decades. They were artists, neighborhood
This Adorable Lesbian Couple Has An Important Message About The Election. \Every single vote counts.\
Mary Lambert Drops By Stonewall For A Heartfelt Performance. The singer celebrated the country's first LGBT national park site.
Grindr Finally Takes Steps To Inhibit Illegal Drug Sales. Grindr has taken steps to inhibit the marketing of illegal drugs by users of its app, which is said to be the most widely
Cyndi Lauper Plans Incredible Show To Benefit LGBT Homeless Youth. One of our favorite holiday events.
The Time I Came Out To My Grandmother And She Didn\u2019t Die. I had made up my mind. I would never tell Grandma that I'm gay.
Here Is An Amazing And Easy Way To Explain Feminism To Kids. \There are so many ways kids can be activists too!\
Katya and Detox Reflect On This Season Of 'RuPaul's All Stars Drag Race'. We can't believe it's already over!
This Beautiful Drag Magazine Is Providing A Comprehensive Guide To 'Realness'. \By remixing, reorganizing, recasting the rules around you... new, very real possibilities emerge.\u201d
It Gets Better. I can remember a time when I was younger, sitting on a plane en route to Orlando to visit my best friend who\u2019d moved away
Gay Couple Say They've Received Death Threats For Supporting Trump. The men even said one person told them to drink bleach.
'RuPaul's Drag Race' Winner Alaska Just Met Lady Gaga. OMG!
Lady Gaga, Troye Sivan Have An Important Message About Spirit Day. \ud83d\udc9c \ud83d\udc9c \ud83d\udc9c
Let\u2019s Celebrate The College Football Coach Who Kisses His Players. Tom Herman makes a statement about masculinity at Houston.
Thousands Of Gay Men Convicted Under Defunct UK Laws To Be Pardoned. The pardon plan has been dubbed \u201cTuring\u2019s Law.\u201d
Second Man Contracts Rare HIV Strain While Adhering to PrEP. A New York City physician has documented a case in which a male patient taking Truvada (tenofovir/emtricitabine) as pre-exposure
Religious Group Loses Bid To Bar Trans Students From School Bathrooms. A federal judge denied an injunction sought by parents of students claiming a constitutional right to privacy.
Jazz Jennings, Trans Teen, Opens Up About Her Quest To Find Love. Falling in love. Being in love. It\u2019s something I dream of, something I want to feel. As a 15-year-old teenage girl, I can
The New York Times Just Provided A Massive Platform For Transphobia. This weekend, The New York Times published an opinion piece that, on its face, attempted to portray both sides of country\u2019s
Looking for Love and Acceptance. In the third season of Transparent, Maura Pfefferman goes where the character has never gone before
Last Words. \I\u2019m really excited for the future because a new generation of kids will have this show to grow up with.\
New Series Examines What It Means To Be Gay And HIV Positive In 2016. Paul Victor based \Mess\ on his real-life experiences.
Hayley Kiyoko's New Video Stars Trans YouTube Star Erin Armstrong. \I wanted this video to be a reminder that humanity is looking out for you.\u201d
Caitlyn Jenner Lashes Back At NC Governor Who Told Her To Use Men's Shower. \Gross!\
Emancipated Gay. Somewhere along the line in its quest for all-inclusive diversity, the LGBTQIA+ movement forgot to consider individuality
How Colombian HIV Activists Made Human Rights History. Today, Colombia has what is perhaps the most progressive legally-recognized \u201cright to health\u201d of any nation, capturing the
The Lazy Person\u2019s Guide To Trans Empathy. Imagine being James Baldwin in 1957. You crack open a fresh issue of Dissent Magazine to stare down the barrel of an essay
Our Favorite Queer Web Series For Kids Explores 'Steven Universe'. Are you familiar with the Crystal Gems?
Traveling While Gay -- What You Should Know. There are things you should know before you head out into the big, wide heteronormative world.
The Gay We Were. The 1990s were an odd little crossroads for gay entertainment. The dominant mainstream narrative \u2014 when it paid any attention
Transforming Policies To Practice. Co-authored by Deena Fidas, Director of Workplace Equality, Human Rights Campaign Foundation More than ever before, America\u2019s
FTM -- My Transition. 
Gay Couple Explain Why They're 'Excited' To Vote For Trump. The two men appeared at an Ohio rally in support of the GOP nominee.
My \Aunt Hillary\. \I am truly blessed to know her and to have been raised with her as a role model of how one can be driven and accomplished while remaining humble, personable and kind.\
Elton John To Write About 'Rollercoaster' Life In Upcoming Memoir. We're totally feeling the love tonight, Elton.
Photographer Puts Faces To The Groups Trump Has Bullied In Powerful Series. These photos -- and the people in them -- challenge Trump's hateful words.
How You Can Be On The Next Season Of Logo's 'Finding Prince Charming'. Come find love on the small screen!
'Donald Trump' Spent The Morning Making Out With Himself In NYC. \u201cTrump doesn\u2019t love America, he loves himself.\
The 'Well-Strung' Men Make A Moving Plea For Gun Reform In New Video. The guys honor Orlando and other tragedies with a heartfelt Green Day mashup.
'Drunk History' Hilariously Tackles The History Of The Stonewall Riots. \ud83c\udf7b  \ud83c\udf7b  \ud83c\udf7b
Cross-Country Traveler Brings Trans Men Together One State at a Time. As Malcolm Rene Ribot drives along I-90, he briefly looks down to smile at his Catahoula Leopard Dog, Grayson, who has his
New York Makes Amazing Move To Cover Medical Care For Trans Youth. Here's your weekly Queer Wellness round-up.
The Powerful Way Logo TV Is Censoring Itself On National Coming Out Day. The network is going back in the closet in solidarity with those who can't live out and proud.
Last Words. \If one thing I can take is being the 'People\u2019s Queen,' then I will take that and hold onto that.\
Gay Syrian Refugee Reacts To Watching Trump And Fox News. \We just have to run for our lives.\
Sex Workers Explain the Struggles Of Running An Illegal Business. When Dane* gets into a car with a client, the first thing he does is ask the guy to pull out his dick. It\u2019s a measure he
Young, Transgender And Acting On TV. In a recent episode of \u201cModern Family,\u201d two children, a boy and a girl, play a round of broom hockey in a living room. In
This Is A Brilliant Way To Talk To Your Kids About Homophobia. Every parent needs to watch this.
Hillary Clinton Writes Historic Op-Ed About LGBT Equality. PGN reached out to the Democratic and Republican candidates for president, Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, to discuss LGBT
'Finding Prince Charming' Contestant Opens Up About Being HIV+. Despite mixed reviews since debuting Thursday, September 8, on the LGBT cable network Logo, the gay dating competition Finding
Drew Droege As Chlo\u00eb Sevigny Is Here To Terrify You This Halloween. \ud83d\udc7b \ud83d\ude08 \ud83d\udc79 \ud83d\ude02
Kylie Minogue Vows Not To Wed Until Same-Sex Marriage Is Legal In Australia. The pop star won't be saying \I do\ until everyone can.
This Satirical Web Series Is Skewering LGBT Advocacy Nonprofits. \ud83d\udc40  \ud83e\udd14  \ud83d\ude02
'Evil Sodomites' Now Being Blamed For Hurricane Matthew. \ud83d\ude43
Tim Kaine Invites Lesbian Couple to Attend VP Debate. The couple are Carol Schall and Mary Townley, who were plaintiffs in a lawsuit that led to Virginia\u2019s ban on same-sex marriage
Finding A Queer-Friendly Doc Could Get Easier In The Very Near Future. And other stories from your weekly Queer Wellness round-up.
It's All About 'Survival' For This Groundbreaking Modern Artist. Tim Rollins is being honored with a new exhibit in his home state.
Pope Calls Teaching Children About Gender Diversity 'Against Nature'. He also said to treat LGBT people with respect.
For LGBT People, A Routine Doctor Visit Can Be A 'Degrading Experience\u2019. For any parent, teacher, or health-care provider \u2014 actually for anyone with a beating heart\u2014 the suicide of 14-year-old Kyler
New Film Takes An Honest Look At Life With A Transgender Parent. \From This Day Forward\ reveals the struggles -- and triumphs -- of a unique family.
Here's What It's Like To Be A Gay Professional Skateboarder. The skateboarding community worships Brian Anderson as a god, but for many years kept his sexuality a secret from nearly
Get A Glimpse Into The World Of Puppy Play. \[It's] a rejection of the the human and an adaptation of the primal.\
iO Tillett Wright On Why He Wants To 'Humanize' Instead Of 'Normalize' Queer Identity. His work is \geared toward the celebration of difference.\
SAFE-T Is Just Another Term For Reparative Therapy. Over the past few years, opposition to reparative and conversion therapies have gained momentum. Robert Spitzer, whose research
Introducing The First Sex Toy Designed Specifically For Transgender Men. \I am a believer that if a product exists for you it makes you feel validated.\
I'm Running The L.A. Marathon For Anyone Who Struggles With Their Identity. My aunt used to tell me, \You're going to move to Mexico and fall and love with a beautiful Mexican woman and never come back.\ Well, part of that is true. I did fall in love, but it wasn't with a beautiful Mexican woman.
These 12 People Explain Why Gender Is Not Just 'Male/Female'. \u201cThere\u2019s nothing wrong with taking a label for gender and finding out it doesn\u2019t work for you,\u201d Yesenia Ruelas, a self-described
Transgender Women Are Facing A Devastating Shortage Of Injectable Estrogen. Bamby Salcedo describes the past month of her life in one word
These Two Men Share The Beautiful Story Of How Their Family Was Created. \You\u2019re not going to be the perfect parent, you\u2019re just going to be the best parent.\u201d
UN Appoints First Expert To Protect LGBT People From Discrimination. The new role is critical to bring those who have abused or attacked LGBT people to justice.
The Dangerous Myth Of Media Objectivity. \One can draw a straight line between the publication of these pieces, and violence enacted against marginalized communities.\
Here's A Brilliant Way You Can Explain Marriage Equality To Kids. \u2764\ufe0f  \u2764\ufe0f  \u2764\ufe0f
Inside The Landmark, Long Overdue Study On Chest Binding. Chest binding is an everyday reality for many transgender and non-binary people, but healthcare professionals know little
Hillary Clinton Blasts North Carolina's 'Mean-Spirited' Anti-LGBT Law. \u201cI think the American Dream is big enough for everybody.\u201d
Professional Skateboarding Icon Brian Anderson Comes Out As Gay. The skater reveals he was \totally scared\ as a young adult.
Here\u2019s Why Non-Binary Students Need Allies. Being non-binary means identifying as a gender other than exclusively male or female. As a person who identifies as non-binary
Pentagon Approves Gender-Affirming Surgery for Troops. Your weekly Queer Wellness round-up.
Donald Trump Appoints Rick Santorum To Catholic Advisory Committee. Donald Trump's clown car just got a little more cramped.
This Comic May Be The First To Center Specifically Around A Trans Protagonist. It also features characters of varying abilities and life circumstances.
Poll Shows Overwhelming Support For Clinton By LGBT People. Sorry not sorry, Donald!
Grace Dunham Gets Candid About Gender, Style And Liberation. The writer strips down while sharing their journey for \u201cThe What\u2019s Underneath Project.\
Taxi Driver Allegedly Tells Gay Bar Patrons They're Going To Hell. The controversy prompted Uber to sever its relationship with Portland Taxi Company.
How to Make A Living As A Drag Queen. On September 11, at the most recent Creative Arts Emmys, RuPaul received his first Emmy, for Best Reality Show Host for RuPaul\u2019s
Why Is Nightlife So Important To The Queer Black And Latino Communities?. \I want to develop an authentic conversation of who we are as Blatino gay men.\
Now You Can Own The Essential Guide To RuPaul And Her Queens. You betta' work!
This Woman Is Out To Prove 'Butch Is Not A Dirty Word'. \You can't be what you can't see.\
Will This Murder Be The First Federal Hate Crime With A Trans Victim?. The day Josh Vallum killed Mercedes Williamson, he first saw her from the front porch of a friend\u2019s house near Theodore, Alabama
Transgender Former Navy SEAL Says TSA Humiliated Her. (CNN)A self-described \u201cprofessional traveler,\u201d Kristin Beck knows the airport security drill. On Tuesday afternoon, the retired
This Singer Wanted To Honor A Gay Pal's Struggle With His New Song. Jamil Kassam said \Rise Now\ is about \affirming your own truth.\
These Moms Share Their Incredible Journey To Creating Their Beautiful Family. The latest in the \Let Love Define Family\ series.
Judge Claims Same-Sex Marriage Is An 'Oxymoron,' Like 'Jumbo Shrimp'. Tim Philpot also says he won't hug men the way he used to because of marriage equality.
Check Out 100 Years Of Drag Kings And Male Impersonation In Two Minutes. 
Betty Buckley Promises Stories, Songs And Inspiration In NYC. The Tony-winning star's latest is a collection of heartfelt \character pieces.\
Here's How You Can Explain What 'Queer' Means To Kids. \Queer isn't a thing -- it's an idea.\
Gender Fluid Teen Will Be Allowed To Run For Homecoming Queen. Anthony Martinez said school officials initially turned him down.
Magic And Cookie Johnson Open Up About Their Son Coming Out As Gay. The couple also discusses Magic living with a positive HIV status.
Get Ready! Mormon LGBT Superheroes Could Soon Be A Reality. \u2764\ufe0f \ud83d\udc9b \ud83d\udc9a \ud83d\udc99 \ud83d\udc9c
Beloved Queer Women's Website AfterEllen To Shutter On Friday. Over the last 10 years, I\u2019ve published a lot of very personal things on AfterEllen. I\u2019ve written things people didn\u2019t agree
Teen Becomes His School Football Team's First Transgender Player. \u201cEverybody was so accepting, it\u2019s amazing,\u201d Kennedy Cooley said.
Billie Jean King Made History 43 Years Ago Today. Billie Jean King won six Wimbledon singles championships and four U.S. Open titles. She was ranked No. 1 in the world five
Rapper Mykki Blanco On The Difficult Decision To Disclose Her HIV-Positive Status. \I really thought that I was going to jeopardize and lose everything.\
Wonderful New Series Centers Its Story Around A Bi Man (Finally). \u201cThe Feels\u201d reminds us that a person is more than just their sexual orientation.
Anti-Gay Pastor Arrested And Deported From Botswana. Steven Anderson told a local radio station that gays and lesbians should be killed.
Get An Up-Close Look At Israel's First Transgender Beauty Pageant. Photographer Oded Balilty goes behind the scenes with \Miss Trans Israel.\
Here's Why Students Find Sex Ed Less Than Sexy. Your weekly Queer Wellness round-up.
Kristin Chenoweth Croons A Johnny Mercer Classic On Her New Album. The star's take on \Skylark\ will warm your heart.
This Iconic Artist Photographed Thousands Of Men -- Now They're All In One Place (NSFW). \ud83d\udd25 \ud83d\udd25 \ud83d\udd25
Michelle Rodriguez Responds To Claims Her New Movie Is Transphobic. The actress tells critics, \Calm down, guys.\
How Two Producers of \u2018Transparent\u2019 Made Their Own Trans Lives More Visible. On a hot night in July at Skylight Books in Los Angeles, Zackary Drucker and Rhys Ernst perched on stools to discuss their
Drew Droege Satirizes The Gay Single Life In His New One-Man Show. The actor-comedian romps and revels his way through \Bright Colors and Bold Patterns.\
Remembering Alexis Arquette, L.A. Club Kid Turned Trans Activist. On Sunday, the first news of the passing of actor/performer/L.A. nightlife icon Alexis Arquette came from Arquette\u2019s brother
This Gay Man Is Fighting For LGBT Rights In The South And Beyond. \We aren\u2019t just fighting religious ignorance down here, we are fighting ignorance thrown at us from other parts of the country.\
Last Words. \I feel like my life is a book that has been written and now it\u2019s being read.\
'You Don't Look Trans Enough'. A look at trans roles, trans and cis actors and how they all shake down in Hollywood.
Queen's Cousin Comes Out As The First Openly Gay Royal. \It has been a real journey to reach this point,\u201d said Lord Ivar Mountbatten.
Haunting Short Film Explores A Queer Woman's Quest For Identity. \To Mum (Love Me)\ is set in Singapore, a traditional nation where LGBT people enjoy limited rights.
Privilege. \But you know how people feel about immigrants. They don't like it when you come from someplace else. They don't like it
Man Who Attacked Gay Couple At Dallas BBQ Sentenced To Jail. Bayna-Lekheim El-Amin was sentenced to nine years in prison and three years post-release supervision for assaulting two men
Inside The South's First School For LGBTQ Students. At Pride School, students are safe, free and powerful.
These 2 Dads Share The Story Of How They Created Their Beautiful Family. The latest in the Let Love Define Family series.
A Day In The Life Of This Musical Theater Star Is Anything But Dull. Josh Walden takes us behind the scenes of the off-Broadway hit, \Cagney.\
Directory Listing PrEP Providers Across The U.S. Is Now Available. Researchers from the Rollins School of Public Health at Emory University unveiled a new website, www.preplocator.org, that
Here Is Why NCAA Must Kick BYU And Anti-Gay Members Out. \BYU\u2019s policies are far more sinister and discriminatory than North Carolina\u2019s HB2 law.\
Kate Winslet's New Movie Has A Surprise Queer Aspect. Co-star Hugo Weaving plays a police sergeant with a secret flair.
Here's Why Alan Cumming Gets 'Tired' Of Talking About Being Queer. \You\u2019ve got to keep talking about it enough so you can stop talking about it.\
Activist Sues Chinese Government Over Gay 'Disorder' Textbooks. Qiu Bai says her complaints were ignored by publishers and education officials.
Gay 'SNL' Writer Brings His Personal Journey To The Big Screen. Writer-director Chris Kelly based \Other People\ on private heartbreak.
Relive Your Favorite 'Looking' Moments With This Brand New Book. Get a behind-the-scenes look at Jonathan Groff and company this October.
'My Son Wears Heels'. \We all discover ourselves and part of that is discovering our gender self.\
Pediatricians Say Anti-LGBT Laws Hurt Kids. ...and other big Queer Wellness stories from the past week.
'Quantico' Star's Ode To Fried Chicken Will Brighten Your Day. Jay Armstrong Johnson and Todrick Hall team up for a duet that's finger-lickin'... well, you know.
Transgender Woman Found Slain On Chicago's West Side. Information received by Windy City Times from a source close the the West Side trans community indicates that a transgender
Last Words. \I don\u2019t know if it changed me, but it changed my life.\
Restaurant Responds Perfectly To 'Too Many Gay People' Review. \All of us who work here, whether straight or gay, view Hell's Kitchen as our home...\
Jon Voight Likens Donald Trump To Mother Teresa At Values Voter Summit. And evangelical leaders explain why they support Trump
Barbra Streisand Zings Trump With Broadway Classic At LGBT Fundraiser. \If he were running the free world, where would we move?\u201d
An Open Letter To Justice, The Tween Girls' Clothing Store. There was just something off-putting about those words on your window...
Tim Kaine Keynotes Human Rights Campaign National Dinner. 
Laura Jane Grace. Laura Jane Grace is lying on a plastic-covered bed in the back room of Mohan\u2019s tattoo parlor in Queens. Outside, the No. 7
'Steven Universe' Creator Rebecca Sugar On LGBT Stories For Kids. In anticipation of the release of her children\u2019s book The Answer, Cartoon Network\u2019s Rebecca Sugar opened up about LGBT representation
This Boy's Dream Of Being A Princess Inspired An Innovative Kids' Book. \Children can be who they are and like what they like without having limits based on gender.
Transgender, 1967 And Paul McHugh. I have a little story to tell about scientific evidence and transgender identity. Here it is.
Neighbor Lashes Out At Family For Hanging Rainbow Flag In Honor of Orlando Victims. \It\u2019s unfortunate that this is the way they chose to spend their time and energy.\
(Trans)Gender. As a movement, our struggle with inclusiveness is to some extent about how to understand justice and injustice in ways that
Watch What Happens When Straight Men French Kiss Other Men. \It should be ok for men to experiment.\
How Passion, Advocacy And Love Helped Create This Beautiful Family. Vickey and Kristen Hart share their tale of co-parenting, fostering and adoption.
Governor McCrory, My 'Boy In A Dress' Is Not A Predator. Governor Pat McCrory of N.C. is at it again. His camp released another TV ad yesterday (9/7/16) posing the rhetorical question
New Season Brings New Challenges For This Up-And-Coming Composer. Will Van Dyke heads to the stage for \A Beer and A Song.\
Katy Perry Gives Orlando Shooting Victim The Surprise Of His Life. The pop diva was visibly shaken when she met the longtime fan.
What It's Like To Get Your Period As A Trans Guy. Have you ever thought about this?
Here's Why This TV Producer Has Always Felt Lucky To Be Gay. \Being gay is about creativity. It's about exploration. It's about uniqueness.\
NC Governor Wants To Know Why We're Talking About His Anti-Trans Law. Pat McCrory's latest campaign ad is especially tone-deaf.
Laverne Cox Pays Tribute To Iconic Black Women In Beautiful Magazine Spread. She never ceases to amaze us.
The Gay We Were. The 1990s were an odd little crossroads for gay entertainment. The dominant mainstream narrative \u2014 when it paid any attention
NYT Crossword Celebrates Transgender Acceptance. Your weekly Queer Wellness round-up.
Was Pedro Almod\u00f3var's Take On 'Brokeback Mountain' Too Hot For Hollywood?. The Spanish director said his version would've had \more sex.\
Last Words. \You can expect to see me everywhere.\
After Years Of Repression In Syria, This Gay Refugee Just Celebrated His First Pride Parade. \I'm new now.\
An Open Letter to Amazon\u00a0Prime. My only requirement is that if you call the movie gay, it\u2019s gay.
Megan Rapinoe Kneels During National Anthem To Support Colin Kaepernick. \I know what it means to look at the flag and not have it protect all of your liberties.\u201d
These Lesbian Farmers Aren't Here To Take Over America. They Want To Grow It.. Rush Limbaugh seems to thinks queer farmers are a threat to rural America. He's wrong.
Jeremiah Brent Shares 7 Tips For Entertaining On Labor Day. Say goodbye to summer with these stylish suggestions.
Why Ian McKellan Thinks Gay Men Are More Masculine Than Straight Men. \Guess what? They love other men!\
These Dads Have Fostered Countless Kids And Created A Beautiful Family. They've fostered 15 kids in the past five years!
This Trans Activist Wants To Change Mexico By Promoting Self-Love. Colombia-born Ophelia Pastrana fights to empower transgender women.
Mark Ruffalo Responds To Uproar About Matt Bomer Casting. People have expressed outrage that a cisgender actor was cast to play a trans character. Again.
Teen Says She'll Fail High School If Trans Students Use Her Locker Room. \You can\u2019t make me change in front of someone who I don\u2019t identify with,\ she has said.
Tiffany Pollard's New Gay Dating Show Promises To Bring The Drama. Two ex-boyfriends will compete to find love from the same pool of men.
Dear Mark Ruffalo, Timothy McNeil And Matt Bomer. Dear Mark, Tim, and Matt, Your new movie,\u00a0Anything, purports to tell the story of a trans woman. However, in doing this, you
New Play Finds Hope And Comedy Amid Struggles In Queer Lives. \The Jamb\ aspires to be a non-sanitized look at LGBT people \in all their complexity.\
Iconic '90s Band Helped This Couple Open Up About Their Sexuality. A nod from Roxette gave these Polish guys, Jacob and David, some much-needed pride.
Gay Men\u2019s Relationships. There are times in my psychotherapy practice with gay men (individuals and couples) when I\u2019m working with an individual, and
The Politics Of Accessibility. This piece is an excerpt from my book Godless Circumcisions
Have A Trans Kid? Don't Know What To Do? We've Got A Treat For You!. At the time, I had no idea why I was so drawn to, and was devouring day-by-day, Amy Bloom\u2019s beautiful collection of short
Steve Harvey Shocked By Cruel Reality Too Many Queer Kids Face. And, of course, he had the best response.
Man Arrested After Filling Lube Dispenser With Hydrochloric Acid. This is horrifying.
Why Are There So Many Queer And Trans Kids In The Criminal Justice System?. Contrary to the common refrain of \u201cit gets better,\u201d a new reportfinds that the unique challenges facing LGBTQ and gender
Intersectionality Poses Additional Hurdles for Black, Gay Comedians. When you\u2019re in the business of making people laugh, you\u2019re always at the mercy of your audience. Will your jokes elicit smiles
Ask A Queer Chick. Smart answers to your queer questions.
The Truth About The Massive New Study That Has Captivated Anti-LGBT Groups. Anti-LGBT conservative outlets have been abuzz this week about a new report that seems suspiciously designed to make it look
What Cops Need To Know To Better Understand Transgender People. The Department of Justice's new video comes at just the right time.
How This Organization Is Giving Homeless LGBT Youth New Hope. At the Los Angeles Youth Network, it's all about the individual.
Orlando Hospitals Announce They Won't Charge Pulse Nightclub Massacre Victims. Wow.
Delta Airlines Pulls Chris Rock Special Over Anti-Gay Slurs. A Grindr employee called out the airline company.
Celebrities Come Together To Raise Funds For Pulse Tragedy. \We will not let those lives taken from us ever be forgotten.\
Meet The Trans Woman Running for Senate in a Mormon State. In many ways, Misty Snow, 31, is an ideal candidate to displace Utah\u2019s incumbent Republican Senator, Mike Lee, in this year\u2019s
Gay Couple Makes History In South Africa With Birth Of Triplets. It's the first recorded occurrence for a same-sex couple in the country.
Cher Says 'My People Will Not Believe' Donald Trump's Pro-LGBTQ Rhetoric. Atta girl!
Racism & Rainbows. On a website owned by a prominent white nationalist, you can buy Confederate battle flags, \u201cDon\u2019t Tread On Me\u201d Gadsden patches
Entire Neighborhood Flies Rainbow Flags After Bigots Egg Their Gay Neighbors. \u201cOne person\u2019s act of fear and maliciousness created such a powerful statement of love.\
Here's What Happened When A Drag Queen Interviewed Trump Supporters. \ud83d\udc40 \ud83d\udc40 \ud83d\udc40
Hande Kader. The murder of Hande Kader, a transgender woman, has caused an outcry in Turkey\u2019s biggest city Istanbul. Turkey remains conservative
Here's Some Ways To Get Teachers To Support LGBT Students. Your weekly Queer Wellness round-up.
Sun, Sex And Sculpted Timber. \u201cOrgy is a grand old tradition of Fire Island,\u201d wrote New York Magazine in 1972. The Hamptons\u2019 party-going cousin, south
New Web Series Aims To Tell Stories Of Love, Addiction And Healing. \This is not an LGBTQ story; this is a human story.\
Team LGBT's Olympic Medal Count Beat Every Country That Criminalizes Gay Sex. This article by Cyd Zeigler originally appeared on Outsports. The\u00a0publicly out gay, lesbian and bisexual Olympic athletes
\u2018Steven Universe\u2019 Is Exploring Unhealthy Relationships For A Young, Queer Audience. Cartoon Network\u2019s Steven Universe uses fusion\u2014the physical and mental merging of two people\u2014as a shorthand to illustrate
This Trans Runner Is Breaking Barriers For All Queer Athletes. \Representation is important because it kind of shows that this is possible. Like you do belong and you're not the only one going through it.\
When My Son Met Another Out LGBTQ Kid On The First Day Of Middle School. If I watched a movie or a TV show where a conversation like that happened, I would probably roll my eyes at the too-perfectness, the fakeness, of it all. But it did happen, and it made my kid's first day of middle school awesome.
This Gay Porn Company Is Upending the Definition of Porn. Note
Rio Summer Games Go Down As The Queerest Olympics Ever. There were a record 53 publicly out gay, lesbian and bisexual Olympians in Rio.
Darin And Carl Share The Story Of How They Created Their Beautiful Family. The latest in the \Let Love Define Family\ series.
Funeral Home Has Religious Right To Fire Trans Worker, Judge Rules. The company argued that Aimee Stephens did not adhere to the dress code.
Trans Men Open Up About Their Experiences With Male Privilege. \Walking down the street is so glorious -- I can actually think!\
Derrick Gordon. \Nobody was calling.\
New Study Examines How Bisexual Students Publicly Identify. Your weekly Queer Wellness round-up,
I'm Scared Of What The Estrogen Shortage Might Do To Trans Women Like Me. For two years, I took injectable estrogen once every two weeks. I\u2019d carefully expose the needle and draw out the thick liquid
Trans Woman Found Dead In Prison In Midst Of Legal Battle. A family in Florida is demanding answers about why a transgender woman doing time in a men\u2019s prison was found dead in her
Here's What We Can Learn From Tracey 'Africa' Norman's Triumphant Return To Modeling. \I\u2019m hoping people will have more respect and gratitude toward the community now who are trying to get legal jobs and be in the forefront today.\
A Gay Dream Is About To Come True. This is not a drill.
It's Official. \It's time for the next adventure.\
Kristen Stewart Reveals Why She's Now Willing To Talk More About Her Sexuality. The actress gets real in T Magazine.
These Gay Guys Are The WORST... But Understanding Why Is Crucial. #bottom
The Uncertain Olympic Future For Trans And Intersex Athletes. The participation of trans and intersex athletes in elite sporting competitions has been controversial for decades, and the
This Actor-Playwright Gets 'Naked' In His Journey To Acceptance. Gustavo Pace's one-man show looks at growing up gay in Brazil.
How Gay Couples Commodify Their Relationships on Instagram. Gay men who operate joint Instagram accounts with their boyfriends are reaping money in branded content deals, but some feel
Where Is Our Dependency On Hook-Up Apps Taking Us?. I spent one Saturday morning late last year on my couch toggling back from Grindr to Scruff to Grindr to Scruff. I don\u2019t
IOC Calls Daily Beast Sex Article 'Unacceptable,' Author Sent Home From Rio. It\u2019s the IOC\u2019s first response since the controversy broke on Thursday.
Supermarket Shoppers Denounce Homophobic Act With Tender Kisses. Customers staged a \kissathon\ after a gay couple was removed from the store for holding hands.
Amy Schumer And Seth Rogen Want To Sell Bud Light To All Gender Identities. #NoLabels
Why Doesn't The Trans Community Have A Proper Dating App Yet?. Tinder has brought about the dawn of the \u201cDating Apocalypse,\u201d declared the headline on a Vanity Fair article last September
13 Transgender Pioneers Reflect On The State Of Queer Politics Today. \u201cThe work isn\u2019t done until it\u2019s done.\
Orlando. In June, when I first heard of the massacre in Orlando, I tried to settle myself by saying it wasn\u2019t something truly new
18 Things You Should Never Say To Non-Binary People. \What's your junk like?\
Rae'Lynn Thomas, Ohio Transgender Woman, Allegedly Killed By Mom's Ex. Columbus, Ohio police are investigating the death of 28-year-old Rae\u2019Lynn Thomas, who was shot and killed by her mother\u2019s
Two Months After Pulse. It\u2019s sad to think that it could take this kind of massacre to bring our community together,
This Gay Man Is 8 Months Into A Year Without Sex So He Can Donate Blood. \I\u2019m proud of my decision. I stand by it and I really look forward to giving blood.\u201d
On MTV's 'True Life,' Orlando Survivors Offer Pleas For Gun Reform. The documentary series looks at how families are coping two months after the tragedy.
Here's How These Two Moms Created Their Beautiful Family. The latest in the \Let Love Define Family\ series.
Couple Hosts Stunning Marie Antoinette Celebration To Honor Orlando. Let there be love. And let them eat cake!
After Backlash, The Daily Beast Removes Article That 'Outed' Olympians. \We were wrong,\ the editors wrote.
Queer Teens Take On Tech. On a sweltering July Monday at Google\u2019s New York headquarters, in a conference room four floors above Chelsea Market, a dozen
Barbra Streisand, Cher To Rally With Gay Fans For Hillary Clinton. Both divas will headline Clinton campaign events in the next few weeks.
Erykah Tijerina, Transgender Woman, Found Dead In El Paso Home. Transgender woman Erykah Tijerina was found dead in her apartment in El Paso, Texas, on Monday, KFOX14 reports. Tijerina
Seattle Mariners Tell Lesbian Couple To Stop 'Being Affectionate'. \u201cIt sounds like the Mariners need to do some training so everybody is on the same page..\u201d
Orlando Shooter's Father Makes Surprise Clinton Rally Appearance. Seddique Mateen didn't appear fazed at Clinton's nod to the Pulse tragedy.
Bisexual Women Reveal The Keys To Their Best Sexual Experiences. And other big Queer Wellness stories from the past week.
Turning Barbershops Into Safe Spaces For Gay Black Men. Derrick Middleton remembers the wave of discomfort that washed over him as a child whenever he entered a local barbershop
Gay Man Stabbed In Subway By Suspect Shouting Anti-Gay Slurs. A 28-year-old gay man was attacked on the 1 train in Morningside Heights on Saturday night in what police are investigating
Gays Against Guns Stages Spooky Protest To 'Haunt' NRA At NJ State Fair. \NRA get ready to GAG\
Landlord Allegedly Says She Shouldn't Rent To 'Faggots' Before Evicting Tenants. The men said they were also assaulted by their apartment's owner.
U.S. Soccer Team Greeted With Homophobic Chants At Rio Olympics. The use of the slur was distressing given the number of out players.
Inside A Fetish Kennel In Upstate New York. When I met Pup Scrubs at the Cleveland Leather Annual Weekend (CLAW), he was non-verbal, only speaking in barks, and he sported
Transgender Woman Secretly Records Supervisor Asking For Sexual Favors. He allegedly told her no one would believe her because she's a \felon.\
Skylar Kergil Opens Up On The Vulnerabilities Of Being Trans. Skylar Kergil is a 25-year-old poet, musician, YouTuber and writer. Skylar is also a transgender man. Back when he started
Trans People Open Up About What It's Like To Transition In The Workplace. \I want people to listen to real people's stories and take away a sense of compassion for what real people go through.\
Wigstock. Wigstock
Ellen Page And Ian Daniel Visit Orlando For 'Gaycation' Special. The pair speaks with survivors of the Pulse nightclub shooting for a TV special.
Genderqueer Vine Star Jeffrey Marsh Offers Advice For Being True To Yourself. \What everyone must do is get rid of that self-hating voice that is in your head.\
Delta Airlines Is Showing 'Carol' With Same-Sex Kissing Edited Out. They say the studio made the changes, but why cut the kissing at all?
Catch A Peek At This Acclaimed Queer Short Film From Taiwan. In \100 Apples,\ a teenage boy learns he has to face his true self.
Reframing The Arguments For LGBT Civil Rights -- Correct The Error!. So what gender transition comes down to is not a choice, and not a whim, but a foundational biological awareness of trans humans that they have the right to correct that medical error and live their authentic lives.
KC And The Sunshine Band Are Back With A Dance Anthem For Equality. Check out the legendary disco band's new tune, \We Belong Together.\
These Two Dads Share The Incredible Story Of Creating Their Family. The latest in the \Let Love Define Family\ series.
Gay Syrian Refugee Kidnapped, Raped, Mutilated And Beheaded In Istanbul. Housemates are speaking out about the horrific fate of Muhammed Wisam Sankari, a gay Syrian refugee living in Istanbul who
WNBA Star Elena Delle Donne Publicly Comes Out, Announces Engagement. Congrats are in order!
Here's Adam Lambert As You've Never Seen Him Before. Glambert offered fans a peek at his \Rocky Horror\ look.
At The Shooting Range With Pro-Gun LGBT Group 'The Pink Pistols'. The group encourages the LGBT community to consider gun ownership to protect themselves.
This Queer Coming-Of-Age Novel Examines Disillusionment And The Fashion World. A new, coming-of-age novel from writer RJ Hern\u00e1ndez is exploring themes of millennial disillusionment, queerness and the
Comedian Destroys Trans Bathroom Bills With PB&J. \If it's peanut butter, let it pee with peanut butter!
Gay Congressman Warns Of Donald Trump's Danger To LGBT Rights. \Trump will repeal the president's executive orders.\
Here's An Easy Way To Defeat Trump. Desperate times call for desperate measures.
Bishop Removes Priests From Irish Seminary Over Grindr Claims. The move is the latest scandal to hit the Catholic Church in Ireland.
Is The FDA Taking Steps To End The Queer Blood Ban?. Your weekly Queer Wellness round-up.
Seattle Bans Gay Conversion Therapy. Five states, the District of Columbia, Miami and Cincinnati have also banned the widely discredited practice.
Joy, Clay And Nudity. \u201cRevel in your faggotry!\u201d This was the commandment given to us at the beginning of Xrysalis
Another Challenge For Transgender People. Some pore through baby-name books. Or think back to favorite movie stars or characters from fiction. Many turn to a family
This Restaurant Just Beautifully Told Off Its Transphobic Customers. Now this is how to be an ally!
Zumba Instructor Dances For First Time Since Being Shot During Orlando Massacre. \ud83d\udc96 \ud83d\udc96 \ud83d\udc96 \ud83d\udc96 \ud83d\udc96 \ud83d\udc96
Uber Driver Allegedly Called This Man A 'Faggot' And Tried To Run Him Over. Ray Rico said he was confronted by the driver on two separate occasions.
A Marriage Equality Plaintiff Opens Up About The Fight For LGBT Southern Rights. \We were so used to living as a discriminated against class that we just accepted that there were some restaurants we couldn\u2019t eat at, some physicians who wouldn\u2019t treat us, some places we weren\u2019t safe going.\
Gender-Nonconforming Professionals Look For Jobs That Fit. Five mornings a week, Jesse Lueck gets out of bed, does her hair and puts on a suit and tie. It\u2019s her typical routine before
Fiona Apple's Classic 'Criminal' Video Just Got A Lesbian Makeover. \Butch girls don\u2019t get enough love in the media and they really, really should.\
When Toxic Masculinity Gets Under The Skin. How is it that, as I approach half a century on the planet as a butch-identified woman, I still struggle with the constraints of masculinity?
Art Of The AIDS Years. For my generation of American gay men, the AIDS epidemic was a second Vietnam War. It reached us as a rumor and soon revealed
The Gay We Were. The 1990s were an odd little crossroads for gay entertainment. The dominant mainstream narrative \u2014 when it paid any attention
These Two Dads Share The 'Meant To Be' Story Of Their Beautiful Family. \The strife bonded us together and, looking back, it was all good for us.\
Trans Icon Kate Bornstein Discusses What It Takes To Survive. The transgender movement is now a powerful cultural force, but there are trans elders who have led the way for the recognition
The Navy Is Naming A Ship After LGBTQ Pioneer Harvey Milk. \This momentous decision sends a powerful message around the world.\
Asbury Park's First New Hotel In 50 Years Will Leave You Breathless. New Jersey's gay-friendly seaside haven is bouncing back, better than ever.
Mother Of Orlando Shooting Victim Makes Emotional Gun Reform Plea. Christine Leinonen said her son had been a \big supporter\ of Hillary Clinton before his death.
Marriage Equality Plaintiff Jim Obergefell. \Our status as equal Americans is at stake.\
NYC's Gay Hotel Getting A Non-Gay Reboot. To become more inclusive, The Out Hotel is being sold to Merchants Hospitality and will likely change its name. Sources said
New Study Shows Being Transgender Is Not A Mental Disorder. In the last couple of decades, many medical institutions have moved awayfrom the view that being transgender is the result
Barney Frank Calls Trump's Promise to 'Protect' LGBT People 'Fraudulent'. Barney isn't having any of Trump's nonsense.
The Ban On Gay Men Donating Blood Might Be Going Away. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Tuesday posted a request for public comment on what alternative blood donor deferral
After The Orlando Shootings, The Changed Lives Of Gay Latinos. is a grim kind of luck that the deadliest shooting in American history should have happened two blocks from a Level 1 trauma
U.S. Opens Door To A Change In Blood Donation Policy For Gay Men. Gay rights advocates say the latest update did not go far enough.
Jason Collins Says He Came Out To The Clintons Before Going Public. The NBA veteran said he knew Bill and Hillary would \accept me for who I was.\
Orlando Attack Survivor Says He's 'Not OK' After Devastating Tragedy. Tony Marrero reveals his current struggles in \True Life
The Trans Community Of New York's Christopher Street Opens Up. The first image of a trans person that left an indelible impression on me was a still of Venus Xtravaganza, a twenty-something
Before Grindr And Scruff. Over a hundred gay men descended upon the same Manhattan hotel last week for a \u201cScruff meet-up\u201d of sorts, though probably
This Man Is On The Road To Tell The Story Of One Queer Person In Every State. \ud83d\udc96 \ud83d\udc96 \ud83d\udc96 \ud83d\udc96 \ud83d\udc96 \ud83d\udc96
Ask A Queer Chick. Every month HuffPost Queer Voices partners with Fusion to share Lindsay King-Miller\u2019s \u201cAsk A Queer Chick\u201d advice column. I\u2019m
Transgender People Open Up About The Impact Of HIV On The Trans Community. \I want other trans women to understand is that you can live a happy, healthy life with HIV.\
20 Unspoken Rules Of Urban Lesbians. Hello. Are you a female homosexual inhabiting a densely populated urban area? Are you having a hard time understanding lesbians
Beyond The Binary. Beyond the Binary is an ever growing playlist of videos that are made to help navigate the transition process while also
The Danger Of Statutory Rape Laws After Orlando. \u201cWas the gunman at Pulse Orlando gay?\u201d I haven\u2019t heard someone generate so much speculation about their sexual orientation
Gay Men\u2019s Relationships. As I think back on the past 24 years of providing couples counseling for gay male relationships, I sometimes get asked
Queer Rapper Rica Shay Parties With Club Kids In The Desert In New Video. Hip hop comes to the desert.
How I Told My Husband And Boyfriend I Love Another Man. I had a confession to make. To my husband, Alex, and our boyfriend, Jon. I was pretty sure I was having an affair, and I
Miss Major Is A Trans Elder And Stonewall Icon.. And She's Changing The World. \People have to get involved with this and not just one particular group -- it\u2019s all of us or none of us.\
Lawsuit. Two federal lawsuits, one from a transgender boy in Wisconsin and another from a transgender boy in Maryland, assert that
How the Media Allows Hatemonger Donald Trump to Appear 'LGBTQ'-Friendly. Don't be fooled.
How Trump REALLY Feels About Queer People, Explained In One Sentence. It ain't pretty, folks.
'Looking' Stars Reflect On Show's Legacy And The HBO Farewell Film. The cast of the beloved, yet polarizing, gay series spill the beans on the finale.
This Musical Homage To 1980s Dance Is Just The Thing To Get You Moving. Everything's definitely fabulous in Bright Light Bright Light's new, electro-pop video.
WTF? Gay GOP Group's President Still Defends Trump As \u2018Leader\u2019 On Queer Rights. Apparently it's because Trump went to a same-sex wedding and uses the term \LGBT.\
Steve Grand Reflects On The 'Wild Ride' Of Viral Fame As A Gay Artist. Only an \unapologetic\ life will do for this singer-songwriter.
What Is A 'Male Body'?. In November, voters in Houston repealed that city\u2019s human rights ordinance, known as HERO, after a relentless campaign by
Principal Posts Gay People Must 'Be Put To Death' In Wake Of Orlando Shooting. Absolutely awful.
'RuPaul's Drag Race' Will Be Back For A Ninth Season. Logo also announced the premiere of a new original docuseries \Fire Island.\
GOP Senator Slams Ben Carson's Ridiculous Claims About Trans Identity. \They\u2019re human beings who deserve the best we can give them.\u201d
A Cure For AIDS Is No Longer Unthinkable. Not many years ago, the idea of defeating the resilient virus that causes AIDS was far-fetched. But as 18,000 people gather
A Massive Number Of Trans People Are Avoiding Using Public Restrooms. Your weekly Queer Wellness roundup.
The Complicated Reality Of Being A Queer, Xicana Child. \We forget that homophobia is a learned behavior.\
'Mean Girls' Star Daniel Franzese Is Engaged. The actor popped the question to his longtime beau at Starbucks.
A Hunger Crisis In The LGBT Community. Gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender Americans are more visible than ever before. Apple\u2019s chief executive, Tim Cook, and
This Powerful Voguing Video Is Raising Awareness About Black Queer Issues. \We are all humans.\
The Problem With 'Everyone' Identifying As Queer. Let\u2019s talk about violence. It was our date night. Ironically enough, the movie we had seen that night was the Dallas Buyers
Transmasculine Bodies And The Media. Transmasculine bodies go beyond society\u2019s masculine ideals \u2015 beyond what the media shows. There\u2019s no right way to be a transgender
Now That Queers Can Get Married, Should We? A New Web Series Explores. \Romantic relationships are changing, and we\u2019re suggesting that the whole system may need to change with them.\
'Silence = Death' Is Back After Orlando. Meet The Artist Who Invented It.. In a modest Brooklyn apartment, almost three decades of queer political art sits neatly organized in large, flat storage
A Record 49 Out LGBTI Athletes Competing In Rio Olympics (UPDATED). A \who to watch\ list
Chris Colfer Praises Clinton, Blasts Trump As A 'Click Hole'. \I think she\u2019s quite extraordinary,\u201d the \Glee\ star said.
Transgender Woman, Deeniquia Dodds, Dies After Being Shot in DC. A transgender woman has died after she was shot in Washington, D.C. on the Fourth of July, and police are investigating her
These Two Dads Share What Adopting Two Sons Has Taught Them About Love And Family. The latest in the Let Love Define Family series.
For This MTV VJ, Music Paved The Way To An Out And Happy Life. Dave Holmes recalls his early struggles with being gay in his mixtape memoir, Party of One.
Gay Boxer Will Honor Orlando Victims With Upcoming Fight. Orlando Cruz said he lost a close friend in the Pulse nightclub shooting.
A Giant Billboard Of Trump And Cruz Kissing Just Went Up 5 Minutes From The RNC. Republicans aren't gonna be happy about this one...
The 30 Years That Brought Us #HB2. I. Hell Breaks Loose Last year, when the Reverend Mykal Slack was preparing to move south to Durham, nearer to his and his
Lance Bass To Host 'Bachelor'-Style Dating Show Featuring Gay Men. This should be interesting.
State Marriage Bans Led To Less Stable Queer -- And Straight -- Couples. And other big Queer Wellness stories from the past week.
He Comes And Goes. Boy George\u2019s flamboyant style and personal problems at times overshadowed Culture Club\u2019s musical influence. As the world
Zachary Quinto Defends Sulu \u200bBeing\u200b Gay In 'Star Trek Beyond'. The actor says he's \disappointed\ in George Takei's less-than-enthusiastic take on the move.
The Gay We Were. The 1990s were an odd little crossroads for gay entertainment. The dominant mainstream narrative \u2014 when it paid any attention
The First Trans U.S. Senate Candidate Is Already Making History. Some voters see Misty K. Snow as \carrying the same torch\ as Bernie Sanders.
The Word \Cisgender\. 
Gay Men Come Together To Discuss HIV And 'The Viral Divide'. In a cramped meeting room in New York City on May 27, 2016, a dozen gay men, HIV positive and negative alike, came together
Trans Folks Now Have A Safe Space To Recover From Gender Confirmation Surgery. \A space like Rhys's Place is desperately needed not just in Chicago, but all over.\
What It Means To Identify As Non-Binary. \I\u2019m very adamant about making sure people understand that I am somewhere on the spectrum, but I\u2019m not a man and I\u2019m not a woman.\u201d
Larry Gross And The Formation Of The Gay Community. In this week\u2019s Scheer Intelligence\u00a0Robert speaks with author and academic Larry Gross about how\u201cinvisible\u201d closeted gay men
George Takei Isn't Happy With His 'Star Trek' Character Being Gay. The actor spoke out against the \really unfortunate\ tribute in the new film.
Here's Why Anti-HIV Drugs May Not Be Reaching Those Most At Risk. Unequal use of Truvada may worsen the disparities between races in HIV rates, a study found.
Bakery Allegedly Rejects Lesbian Couple's Birthday Cake Order. The pair said they got the news while on their honeymoon.
Broadway, TV Stars To Honor Anti-LGBT Attack Victims, Past And Present. A NYC concert will benefit Orlando while paying tribute to victims of another, lesser-known attack.
Gays Against Guns Stage Die-In To Shame NRA-Supporting Politician. \Shame, shame, shame!\
Trans Activists Around America Speak Out About Bathroom Access. \My hope is that we open some eyes while cracking some smiles.\
After 50 Years, Iconic San Francisco Gay Bar On The Verge Of Closing. San Francisco could be losing another legendary gay bar.\u00a0 Following a rent increase of 300%, the iconic gay bar The Stud
YouTubers Discuss Abusive Relationships In The Queer Female Community. \So many people don't realize that there are many ways someone can abuse someone.\
Why Are Bi Men Less Likely To Open Up About Same-Sex Attraction?. And other big Queer Wellness stories from the past week.
The Truth About Transgender Bathroom Laws. In the wake of an emboldened sense of righteous antagonism to transgender existence, we\u2019re in dire need of allies. The support
This Trans Pioneer Has Been Fighting For The Trans Community For Decades. \My philosophy is afflict the comfortable and comfort the afflicted.\
Ever Been Confused By How Many Gender Identity Terms There Are? Watch This. Cisgender... gender fluid... transmasculine -- your questions answered!
Get Ready! The Tarzan Gay XXX Parody Of Your Dreams Is Here. The King of the Jungle -- like you've never seen him before!
Why Your \My House, My Rules\ Logic Doesn't Apply. When your youngster thinks of home, do you want him and/or her to feel happy and warm? Or angry and resentful?  Household rejection can result in your queer child facing homelessness, drug addiction and or suicide, all because of \your house and your rules.\
Disarm Hate. The massacre at Pulse, an LGBTQ club in Orlando, has galvanized the LGBTQ community and motivated many people previously uninvolved in the anti-gun violence movement to act in support of stricter gun laws.
With Tears In Her Eyes. 
Why Do We Date Guys Who Are Just ~Meh~?. I ended up calling it quits with John via ghosting method. As much as I need a guy who is more \yea\ and not \meh,\ he needs someone who is going to appreciate him for not only who he is but where he is in life.
Face-To-Face With Istanbul\u2019s Gay Community. Since its inception Elska has taken gay magazines into uncharted territory
Stunning Photographs Capture The Grief And Survival After Orlando. National Geographic captured Florida's LGBT and Latino communities in mourning.
Are Power Lesbians Secretly Running the World?. Quick, think of some of the most influential US women in their fields, past and present. Got some? Chances are at least some
Justin Bieber Performs A Heartfelt Tribute To Orlando Victims. The star dedicated \Purpose\ to the Pulse victims -- and Christina Grimmie, too.
These Two Men Gave Up A Big City Dream To Create A Beautiful Family. The latest in the Let Love Define Family series.
An Estimated 1.4 Million Adult Americans Now Identify As Transgender. \u2665\ufe0f \u2665\ufe0f \u2665\ufe0f
YouTube Star Calum McSwiggan Charged With Faking Own Assault. McSwiggan is a self-proclaimed LGBT lifestyle video blogger.
Gay Men In Ivory Coast Attacked After Honoring Orlando Victims. \We are afraid now. There is no security.\
'Angels In America'. Twenty-five years ago this summer, Tony Kushner\u2019s Angels in America premiered in the tiny Eureka Theatre in San Francisco\u2019s
Glam Rockers of Montreal Celebrate 'Fluid' Sexuality In Wild Video. The band's latest is a paean to ballroom culture and non-binary gendering.
Bill Donohue Isn't Sorry For Homophobia, Wants 'An Apology From Gays'. \I don't want to have a lifestyle thrusted in my face.\
Radio Host Likens Same-Sex Marriage Ruling To 9/11, Pearl Harbor. A year after marriage equality became the law of the land, Bryan Fischer's stance hasn't changed.
A Weekend At The Biggest Lesbian Party In The World. What started out as a women's only golf tournament in Palm Springs in the 1970's has evolved into the biggest girl party
New Study Finds Losing Friends When Coming Out Could Have Dire Consequences. And other Queer Wellness stories from the past week.
This Gay Erotica Is Helping J.K. Rowling Laugh About Brexit's 'Terrible Mess'. \Pounded By The Pound\ is Chuck Tingle's latest literary masterpiece.
'Gays Against Guns' Stages Die-Ins At NYC Pride March. \Hey, ho, the NRA has got to go!\ That was what a newly formed LGBTQ gun control group, Gays Against Guns, or GAG, shouted
Orlando City Commissioner To GOP Politicians. Patty Sheehan Slams Governor Rick Scott -- and Senator Marco Rubio, too
The Front Releases Second Episode In \u2018New Deep South\u2019 Queer Web Series. \Being trans, being gay, being lesbian, is not black or white, but that\u2019s how the people in the Delta perceive it.\
'Wizard Of Oz' Bash Sent Guests Over The Rainbow For Orlando. Lions and tigers and bears reveled at NYC's \Supercinema\ for a great cause.
New York's Stonewall Inn Becomes National Monument To LGBT Rights. It's official!
Meet The Trans Woman Who Wants To Change Romantic Comedies. Rain Valdez began working in the film industry 15 years ago, but for most of that time she wasn't out \u2014none of her colleagues
Jesse Eisenberg Needed Just 3 Words To Tell Off Anti-Queer Protesters. The \Social Network\ star really shut it down.
Not One, But Two Police Officers Pop The Question At London Pride. This year's festivities were extra special for these four men.
Ask A Queer Chick. Every month HuffPost Queer Voices partners with Fusion to share Lindsay King-Miller\u2019s \u201cAsk A Queer Chick\u201d advice column. Hey
5 Formative Queer Movies To Break Out At Your Pride Party. And like a gloriously gay lion, NYC Pride Weekend returns with a roar. For 72 hours, the city blares its swelling, ferocious
We Waited 36 Years To Get Married, And The Judge Made All The Difference. We waited 36 years to get married, and the judge made all the difference What kind of wedding do you have after over 3 decades
Marriage Equality \u2014 One Year Later. June 26th, 2016 \u00a0 I\u2019ve been writing for a couple years now, and am a part of \u201cA More Perfect Union\u201dcoming out today for Marriage
#KeepTheirSeats. 51 Muslim states blocked 11 LGBT groups from attending the UNAIDS Meeting.
Judy Garland's Daughter Honors Orlando With 'Over The Rainbow'. Lorna Luft's performance came 47 years to the day of her mother's death.
The First Openly Gay Charlotte City Councilwoman Opens Up About HB2. \[Liberation] looks to me like people being protected in their jobs and in their communities.\
Happy. Frightened. Worried. Hopeful. Larry Kramer Speaks Out. I am happy. I am frightened. I am worried. I am hopeful. I am happy because we can now get married. The lover I've lived
My Gender Creative Son Just Wants To Be Himself. Meet my son, 10-year-old Charlie. He self-identifies as gender creative, meaning, at this point in his life, he's happy with
Marsha P. Johnson And Sylvia Rivera Honored By Modern Day Trans Heroes. A celebration of two amazing pioneers.
I am a Gay Conservative, And I Think It's Time You Met Me. Far too often LGBT on the right tend to be dismissed, mocked or demonized.
Logo Celebrates Queer Pioneers, Legends And Trailblazers In NYC. The Trailblazer Honors were a night of community, solidarity and celebration.
16 Transgender People Get Made Over As Their Favorite Icons. Images of celebrities play a huge role in our culture, not least of all in providing viewers with representations of themselves
One Artist's Heartbreakingly Perfect Response To The Orlando Attacks. CJ Hendry's art exhibition took to the skies to protest America's gun laws
This Pride, Brooklyn's Queer Community Comes Together In Sacred Resilience. \This party is so much about strength, power, fighting for what you believe in, fighting for who you are.\
How Faith And Love Paved The Way To A Family For These Dads. The latest in the \Let Love Define Family\ series.
106 Things You Can Do To Bring About The Queer Revolution. Commit this list to memory and repeat each item until no longer necessary.
A Gay Take On A Pop Classic Becomes A Rallying Cry For Orlando. The London Gay Men's Chorus sings \Bridge Over Troubled Water\ for charity.
How Orlando Brutally Exposed The Backlash \u2013 And Indifference \u2013 To LGBT Equality. It\u2019s important to talk about the outpouring of support, but we can't let it seduce us into believing the hate isn't still very real.
These Trans People Explain Why Anti-Trans 'Bathroom Bills' Are Bulls**t. \I'm just trying to pee, ya'll.\
North Carolina Governor Bashes Schools That Stand Up For Transgender Students. Gov. Pat McCrory's spokesman accused Charlotte-Mecklenburg schools of \purposely breaking state law.\
Things Get (In)Tense In This Exclusive Clip From 'Neon Demon'. Elle Fanning and Jena Malone share an intimate moment in the hot new thriller.
Queer Rights Advocates Stage Massive Protest Outside Trump Tower. \We will not stand silent while our Muslim LGBTQ brothers and sisters continue to be targets of hate speech.\
Mark Cuban Pledges $1 Million To Dallas Police For LGBT Efforts. The billionaire entrepreneur said he was \proud\ to help Dallas.
It\u2019s Official. The New York City park that will soon be home to an AIDS memorial has officially been named The New York City AIDS Memorial
Meet The First Trans Athlete To Be Featured In ESPN's Body Issue. Team USA duathlete Chris Mosier is making history once again.
Gay Man's Nose Broken During Subway Attack In The Bronx. A 48-year-old man suffered a broken nose during an anti-gay assault in the Bronx this month, the Daily News has learned. The
Dancing With Defiance In Orlando, But Gay Clubs And Bars Feel \u2018Eerie\u2019. ORLANDO, Fla. \u2014 They came for the flashing neon lights, hip-swiveling tunes, cocktails and glitzy drag queens. Some arrived
LGBT People Of Color Refuse To Be Erased After Orlando. On Tuesday night in Orlando, there was no sight of a reporter at the Parliament House, the ageing gay resort whose club is
Singer Questions Stereotypes About Men Loving Men For His New Song. With \Hard To Love A Man,\ Nick Deutsch tackles \toxic masculinity\ with infectious indie pop.
Hey Queers. \u201cWe\u2019re here! We\u2019re Queer! Get used to it!\u201d
Days After Orlando, Church Defends Its Horrific Anti-Gay Sign. The Tennessee pastor said he's \not trying to kill\ LGBT people, but save them instead.
LGBT Traffic Signals Let You Cross The Street With Pride. They've replaced traditional signs in London's Trafalgar Square.
Latin Night Is Back At Gay Bars In Orlando -- Where It Belongs. \u201cToday we celebrate life.\
Watching 'Trick' After Orlando. The 1990s were an odd little crossroads for gay entertainment. The dominant mainstream narrative \u2014 when it paid any attention
I Am The First Official Genderless Person In The United States. As a transgender person with male biology and distinctly feminine traits, I believe myself to be a unique variation of nature
Orlando's LGBT Community Is Wounded. But It's Tough As Nails, Too.. Locals were ready to jump up and offer support after the shooting -- because they've been doing that for decades already.
To the Fathers. My father was always my guide in matters of ethics. His watchwords were \u201cTell the truth!\u201d\u00a0\u201cSupport the underdog,\u201d \u201cTake responsibility
This Trans Supermodel Was Outed In The '80s, Lost Everything And Became A Pioneer. \As painful as it was to endure what I did in my life, it\u2019s all worth it when you hear you\u2019ve saved lives or helped people find direction in theirs.\
The Lethal Cost of Mental Health Stigma. 
WHERE IS THE WORLD'S FIRST MAINSTREAM TRANSGENDER SUPERHERO?. 
How My Dad Learned To Be Proud Of His Gay Son. As we joined the march, I looked over at my father, a man who had been proud in his youth, but now a man who was a different, more loving kind of proud. A man who understood that being a father is supporting your kids, providing a toast at their wedding -- even if it's another groom to whom he's toasting.
The Drag Nuns Who Are Helping The LGBTQ Community Grieve. Aaron Sanford-Weatherell was woken by a flurry of text messages early Sunday morning. His boss at Orlando's Hope and Help
What Parents Of Straight Kids Will Never Understand About Orlando. \When others talk about gay people, they are talking about our children.\
Your Queer Loved Ones Just Lost 49 Family Members. Be Patient With Them.. The massacre in Orlando was an assault on Queer America. And we're still reeling.
Not A Dirty 30. It's A Note To My Younger Self. The world will have been a better place for knowing you.
Here's Why Same-Sex Weddings Are Looking Different Than Ever Before. Better save your pennies.
Meet The Cast Of 'RuPaul's All Stars Drag Race'. Did your fave make the cut?
This Is What Homophobia Feels Like. It's living in constant fear of violence.
Istanbul Bans LGBT Pride March After Ultra Nationalist Threats. Meanwhile, organizers say the ban is illegal and plan to take legal action.
This New Film Looks At What Happens When A Parent Transitions. Get a sneak peek at \From This Day Forward.\
LGBT People Are More Likely to Be Targets of Hate Crimes Than Any Other Minority Group. Even before the shooting rampage at a gay nightclub in Orlando, Fla., lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people were
LGBT YouTubers Come Together To Show The World They're Not Afraid. \I wanted to remind people how strong of a community we are.\
#OrlandoStrong Shows The World Standing In Solidarity With The LGBTQ Community. We love you, Orlando.
A Gay Dad's Open Letter To Donald Trump. \President Obama is a leader. You are not.\
'OITNB' Star Opens Up About The Time She Went To Jail... For Being Gay. Lea DeLaria doesn't hold back in this \inappropriate\ interview.
Goddess Diamond Is 13th Reported Trans Person Murdered In The U.S. in 2016. It is with a very heavy heart that I have to add more sad news onto an already devastating week.\u00a020-year-old Black trans
Even In The Face Of Hate, These Queer Couples Vow To Keep Kissing. \I will kiss. I will love. I will hug. I will walk hand in hand wherever I go.\
New Yorkers Honored The Orlando Victims At Stonewall Inn Vigil. It was a moving tribute filled with tears, but also love.
We Will Be In Mourning For A Long Time. Please, Let Us Have Our Grief.. This is Queer Pain.
Prince William Makes History As First Royal To Cover A Gay Magazine. \No one should be bullied for their sexuality.\
How The Orlando Attack Could Mark A Shift For Gay Muslims. Like their counterparts worldwide, many gay Muslims in the United States have long felt doubly ostracized \u2013 both by the wider
An Open Letter To Omar Mateen From A Survivor Of The Orlando Nightclub Shooting. I'm a young, gay man who was born in New Jersey and grew up in Orlando. I love my friends, I love my parents, I\u2019m half Puerto
Orlando Shooter Was Reportedly Spotted Regularly At Pulse Nightclub, On Dating Apps. He allegedly communicated with several men through the dating app Jack\u2019d.
JetBlue Airlines Offers Free Flights For Families Of Orlando Victims. The offer also applies to domestic partners.
Leaders Urge #LGBTselfcare In Wake Of Orlando. And other big Queer Wellness Stories.
Out Singer-Songwriters Honor Orlando Victims With Haunting New Song. With \Pulse,\ Eli Lieb and Brandon Skeie want to prove that \love conquers hate.\
102 LGBT People Were Maimed Or Killed -- And I Still Can't Donate Blood. It's World Blood Donor Day -- and men who have sex with men still can't donate blood.
Only When I'm Dancing Can I Feel This Free. To discuss Latin American culture without mentioning the role of dancing would be myopic; to discuss gay culture without
Can We Please Stop Pretending This Massacre Wasn't About Homophobia?. We are done being erased.
When You Attack Orlando's LGBT Community, It Only Grows Stronger. This community's counterattack of support has been swift and unrelenting.
Queer People Deserve To Feel Safe. In the wake of Orlando, safe spaces -- like what Pulse should have been -- are more important than ever.
Journalist Walks Off TV Show When It Won't Address Real Cause Of Orlando Shooting. \The bigots must not be allowed to hijack this atrocity.\
Man Headed To LA Pride Festival Hit With Felony Weapons Charges. He was arrested just hours after an unconnected mass shooting at a gay club in Orlando.
Blood Donors Needed After Orlando Gay Club Shooting, But Queer Men Are Banned. The FDA legally prohibits donations from men who have sex with men.
The Orlando Massacre. There have been scores of attacks on LGBT spaces, some of which received more attention than others.
It's 2016 And Two Men Kissing Is Still A Stunning, Terrifying Sight. Just existing as a queer person is still a radical --and very dangerous -- act.
We Are Here For You. I can see already the divide between Republicans and Democrats
Celebrities And Politicians React To Mass Shooting At Queer Orlando Nightclub. \Orlando I weep for you ...\
Pulse Nightclub Was A Lifeline For Orlando\u2019s LGBTQ Community. \u201cIt was a place to be free, period. Just be free.\u201d
I Blame Hate. After the Pulse nightclub massacre, there will be the customary vigils, speeches, and rainbow processions, vows of solidarity, and then the predictable return to business as usual. I am left wondering, amid all the prayers and mourning, wherein lies the responsibility and who is to blame?
Gay For Pay. \u201cSo here\u2019s my thing. Here\u2019s my thing and this is why, like, it\u2019s not a big deal to me,\u201d professional wrestler\u00a0Dolph Danner
Netflix Is Helping You Celebrate Pride Without Even Getting Off Your Couch. We're all about showing our Pride while sitting in the AC.
Get An Inside Look At Pakistan's Gay Underground Scene. Pakistan is one of the world's least tolerant countries when it comes to homosexuality. Being gay is illegal in the Islamic
Demi Lovato Opens Up About Her Sexuality. \As humans, it's just about a connection with someone.\
'Real World' Star Writes His Own (Queer) Book of Mormon Story. When our stories are silenced -- by an abuser, a religion, a government or even by our own pain or insecurity -- our ability to educate and heal ourselves and own community is diminished.
Here's What Happened After This Mom Saw A Man In Heels At Disney World. Sam Brinton was walking through Walt Disney World on Saturday, June 4, wearing a pair of black and white polka dot high heels
Emmy-Nominated TV Producer Opens Up About Being A Single Gay Dad. The latest in the \Let Love Define Family\ Series.
Meet The New Queer Singer-Songwriter You Can't Miss At Pride. Michael Blume says he wants to \stir things up\ with his funky new EP.
Here's Why Lea DeLaria Thinks We Should Use 'Queer' Instead Of 'LGBT'. \Queer is everybody.\
Trans Teen Gets Personal About Being Bullied In Powerful Viral Video. The 14-year-old didn't let the haters stop her.
New Toms Line Celebrates Keith Haring's Life And Legacy. New shoes and glasses draw inspiration from the iconic queer artist's work.
Logo To Honor Queer Trailblazers. Happy Pride!
Is It O.K. To Take A Gender-Non-Conforming Child To North Carolina?. For the past 10 years, my husband\u2019s family has convened for an annual summer reunion at a beach house in North Carolina. It\u2019s
Get A Sneak Peek At The New Season Of The Trans Reality Show 'Transcendent'. The Fuse series casts a much-needed spotlight on trans women of color.
Hey NC! Check Out The Awesome Move NYC Just Made For Trans People. The Big Apple wants you to \look past pink and blue.\
New Study Offers Intriguing Finds About Women's Sexual Identity. And other big Queer Wellness stories.
Bernie Sanders Drops By Iconic Gay Spot For Drag Brunch. Surprise!
This Amazing Queer Web Series For Kids Is Back For A Second Season. \We not only hope to inspire LGBTQ youth to take action, but we also aim to create opportunities for more minorities to be able to shape and produce media.\
50 Men On PrEP Give Blood To Protest FDA\u2019s Policy On Blood Donation. \This is both an equality and science issue, that effects us all on so many levels. We have the ability to save lives and do what\u2019s right.\u201d
'Night Of A Thousand Judys' Is A Pride Month Event You Shouldn't Miss. The annual Judy Garland tribute will benefit homeless LGBT youth.
Inside Mongolia\u2019s Only Gay Bar. At the only gay bar in the most sparsely populated independent country in the world, Zorig Alima tells me he\u2019s a \u201cpenis shaman
8 Fancy Restaurants And Other Establishments That Used To Be Raunchy Sex Clubs. \Beware of the cream sauce!\ is my familiar cry when it comes to NYC's fancier restaurants. After all, a whole bunch of these
YouTubers Come Together To Celebrate Their Queerness And Pride. \These YouTubers -- and their audiences -- have built a virtual community for celebrating who we are.\
Embracing Caitlyn Jenner (Bad, Ugly and Good). I have no desire to defend Jenner's Cruzophilia or any of her other absurdities. Yet I find myself even now wanting to empathize with this woman who has so often put her foot in it, and to continue embracing her presence in our ranks for the good it's doing us even if that good has a liberal admixture of bad and ugly.
Cognitive Dysphoria -- Pride Week in Israel in an Age of Extremes. The mission was composed of modern orthodox and secular, left-wing, right-wing and center, Jews and non-Jews. The only commonality was LGBTQ identity (I was the only openly trans person), which leads me to an important point -- it is that commonality that can, and often does, function as a bridge across the diverse spectrum of Israeli ethnicities and identities.
Why Laverne Cox Is Lending Her Voice To The 'Free Cece' Documentary. CeCe McDonald and a group of friends just wanted to make a midnight run to the store down the street from her Minneapolis
MTV Airs Its Proudest LGBT Moments. \To speak so freely and openly about his own HIV status was important for our community to really educate us and bring awareness to the issues.\
'Kinky Boots' Stars Skewer 'Bathroom Bills' With Musical Ditty. The team wants everyone to be able to relieve themselves \triumphantly.\
Murder Of Transgender Man At Homeless Camp Ruled Not A Hate Crime. Vermont police have arrested four suspects they believe were involved with the deadly beating of a transgender man at a homeless
These Gay Dads Prove You're Never Too Old To Start Your Own Beautiful Family. \Raising children has nothing to do with sexual orientation or gender identity. Good parents come in all forms.\
Broadway Stars Join Forces To Fight North Carolina's Anti-LGBT Law. A NYC concert will feature many performers who call the Tar Heel state home.
Massachusetts To Expand Protections for Transgender People. While 11 states are suing the Obama administration for issuing guidelines that protect transgender students, Massachusetts
'The Sims' Now Allows Players To Choose Any Gender Expression They Want. \Female Sims can wear sharp men\u2019s suits like Ellen [DeGeneres], and male Sims can wear heels like Prince.\
Tinder CEO Says App Will Now Focus On Trans And Gender Nonconforming Communities. 'Bout time.
New York's Stonewall Inn Continues To Vie For National Honor. Still, the plan has its share of critics.
Read President Obama's Presidential Proclamation For Pride 2016. \Let us celebrate how far we have come and reaffirm our steadfast belief in the equal dignity of all Americans.\
'Frog and Toad'. On a cool autumn day, a frog and a toad awake in their separate houses to find that their yards are filled with fallen leaves
Here's Your Chance To See This Gay Comedian Live Before He Blows Up. \I\u2019ve described myself and my act as the Robyn of comedy.\
Christian Rock Star Comes Out, Opens Up About Lifelong Struggle To Be Straight. \I never wanted to be gay. I was scared of what God would think.\
GSA Of The Year. \We\u2019re not just a club. We\u2019re a family.\
Zookeepers Explain What It's Like To Raise Celebrity Gay Animal Couples. Celebrity gay animal couples are often in the news. We asked zookeepers what it\u2019s like to be responsible for these animal
Hooray! The NYC Porn Festival Is Returning!. \We need to get off our computers and engage with the real issues.\
Caitlyn Jenner's Reality Show Pulled From The Air Across Africa. The cable company said it did it out of \respect\ for viewers.
We're Still Holding Out Hope For An LGBT Superhero On The Big Screen. And a London-based advocacy group wants to make it happen.
This Awesome Company Creates Nude Chest Binders In A Variety Of Skin Tones. Whoo!
All Of Your Questions About What It's Like To Be Asexual Answered. \I can have a crush on someone ... but I never would have invented sex if nobody had told me that it was a thing.\
28 Stars You Might Not Know Are Bisexual. Sharon Osbourne recently made tabloid headlines for coming out as bisexual after she opened up about her sexuality on \The
Indie Folk Band Responds To NC's Anti-Queer Law In An Amazing Way. Nicely done, Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros!
University Of North Carolina Won't Enforce Anti-Trans Bathroom Bill. The UNC system president wrote in a court filing that she had \no intent\ to enforce the new law.
What's Even Going On Regarding LGBT Rights Down South? We Ask A Viral Trans Hero. \I often wonder how many of them have read the Bible, on their own, without someone standing over their shoulder telling them it says something else.\
The Gay We Were. The 1990s were an odd little crossroads for gay entertainment. The dominant mainstream narrative \u2014 when it paid any attention
These Dads Reveal How They Created Their Beautiful 'Forever Family' On A Farm. The latest in the Let Love Define Family series.
Deborah Cox Brings A 'Fearless, Timeless' Legend To Life In 'Josephine'. The R&B and dance diva tackles the life of Josephine Baker in a new musical.
YouTuber's Dad Opens Up About His Heartbreaking Reaction To His Son Coming Out. The family now feels \blessed\ they had this experience.
Police Called After Transphobic Preacher Trolls Teens Outside High School. She blasted students for smoking pot, watching MTV and... trans bathroom use.
Trump Goes Into Robot Mode Answering Question About Trans Rights. Just think -- this man could soon be leading our country.
This LGBT Publication Wants You To Shop Target And Fight The Backlash. Here's how you can counteract the boycott.
What I Learned Talking To LGBT People About Coming Out In Ireland. It all changed a year ago today. People danced in Dublin's streets when Ireland became the first country in the world to
San Francisco 49ers Slam North Carolina's Anti-Queer Law. The team also donated $75,000 to Equality North Carolina. Score!
Brad Paisley Debuts A Little Ditty About North Carolina's Bathroom Law. But the lyrics have us totally confused.
New Study Reveals What Queer Singles Are Really Looking For. Match.com looked at what LGBTQ people want in love, life and marriage.
Fired Padres DJ Apologizes For Gay Men\u2019s Chorus Flub, Explains What Happened. DJ Artform, the man in the booth who pressed the button that\u00a0launched a night of humiliation for the San Diego Gay Men\u2019s
This TV Reporter Had The Best Response To A Homophobic Viewer. Mitchell McCoy says he's been \overwhelmed\ by the support.
Whoopi Goldberg Is Producing A Show About Trans Models. \You may even be surprised to discover that you have been seeing and interacting with transgender men and women in ways you didn't even realize!\
This Drag Queen Wants To Give You A Tour Of NYC You'll Never Forget. Featuring \a manic depressive total bottom desperately trying to revive a fledgling career!!\
The Internet Wants Captain America To Get A Boyfriend. A super same-sex love for a superhero.
Transgender Woman Attacked, Beaten in Brooklyn. A transgender woman suffered a facial fracture in an attack by five men as she walked from a subway in Brooklyn last Friday
HB2\u2019s Other Victims. North Carolina\u2019s discriminatory HB2 law doesn\u2019t just hurt trans people\u2014it affects people with disabilities. In recent weeks
Laverne Cox Responds To 'Rocky Horror Picture Show' Remake Critics. \I put everything I had into this.\
Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Gender-Neutral Pronouns. By now, the cultural visibility of the transgender, genderqueer and gender nonconforming community has seriously expanded
The Biggest Queer Wellness Stories Of The Week. Here are some of the biggest queer wellness stories of the week.
Video Shows Transphobic Man Preaching In Target Getting Shut Down By Customer. A purportedly transgender patron put him in his place.
\u2018Family\u2019 Group Vows \u2018Next Level\u2019 Target Protest With Outrageous Anti-Trans Video. Faith2Action has designated June 4 as \Don't Target Our Daughters\ day.
Telling Trans Stories Beyond 'Born In The Wrong Body'. Not all trans and gender-nonconforming people feel \u201ctrapped\u201d in the bodies they were born into. So why is that still the
How This Gay Man Learned To Stop Running Away From An Ex...And Himself. Don't miss \Basaan,\ a powerful Filipino short film.
Tiq Milan Opens Up About Trans Male Visibility, His Advocacy Work And Liberation. \I do all of this because I believe that being visible and doing this work means that I can be a model of possibility for somebody else.\
The Fierceness of \u2018Femme, Fat, and Asian'. Few RuPaul\u2019s Drag Race fans could have been surprised Monday night when the show crowned as champion the 29-year-old New
Maroon 5 Stands With Queer Community By Canceling NC Shows. \[I]n the end it comes down to what we feel is morally right.\
LGBT Activists Arrested During North Carolina Bathroom Law Protest. Things escalated after a group of protesters headed to the state's legislative building to speak out against the law.
This Church Is Helping To Create Beautiful Families Like This One. The latest in the Let Love Define Family series.
Official Texas Republican Platform Says More Than Half The State Is Gay. Grammar fail.
Most Older Americans Now Say They Support Same-Sex Marriage. A Gallup poll found marriage equality support at an all-time high among the 65+ set.
Kim Davis. The right-wing activist looks back on her defiant year.
'RuPaul's Drag Race' Stars Make Powerful Statement In North Carolina. \To the transgender and gender diverse people in our audience and of North Carolina, we love you, we are you, we support you and we stand with you.\
Beloved Activist, Therapist And Author Robert Levithan Dead At Age 65. Rest in power, Robert.
The Dangers Of Sex In Self-Driving Cars And The Week's Other Biggest Sex Stories. Bluetooth tampons, penis transplants, a porn star reality show and more!
Trans Men Confirm Everything You Thought About Sexism But Couldn't Prove. Three guys are sitting at a Harlem bartop eating fries, drinking whiskey and talking about love. One of them, Bryce Richardson
Mississippi Schools Back Away From Transgender Policy. The department previously said it would follow the federal guidance to allow transgender students to use the bathrooms of their choice.
How IDAHOT Celebrates Heterosexuality And Cis-Sexuality Too. Firstly let\u2019s start with what IDAHOT stands for. International Day Against Homophobia and Transphobia. Do we need a special
Donald Trump Says It's Up To States To 'Protect' Transgender Rights. Because that's definitely what North Carolina is doing \ud83d\ude12
Bob The Drag Queen Wins 'RuPaul's Drag Race' Season Eight. Werk. Werk. Werk. Werk. Werk.
Elton John Writes Op-Ed On NC And Gender Identity. North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory has doubled down on his support for H.B. 2, the discriminatory bill requiring public school
A Powerful New Campaign Is Elevating LGBT Stories On A Global Level. \By sharing the stories of international LGBTI people, [we] can be a part of this global shift towards acceptance.\
This Powerful Film Explores The Dangers Of Being Queer In Uganda. \We should ensure peace, social justice and tolerance for all no matter who they are and who they choose to love.\
\u2018RuPaul\u2019s Drag Race\u2019 Highlights The Struggle For Acceptance. On the penultimate episode of this season\u2019s \u201cRuPaul\u2019s Drag Race,\u201d the last four contestants gathered backstage, waiting to
Trans Rocker Laura Jane Grace Burns Birth Certificate On Stage In NC. \Bye, gender!\
The Unforgettable Memorial Of Warhol Superstar Holly Woodlawn. The legendary trans icon Holly Woodlawn died in December 2015. On Saturday, friends and fans from the underground art world
The Gay We Were. The 1990s were an odd little crossroads for gay entertainment. The dominant mainstream narrative \u2014 when it paid any attention
12 History-Making Transgender Politicians From Around The World. These pioneering figures refused to accept the status quo.
These Sisters Are Creating A Future For Gender-Neutral Footwear. \We believe the concept of breaking fashion down into 'women\u2019s' and 'men\u2019s' is outdated, limiting and unproductive.\
Ask A Queer Chick. Every month HuffPost Queer Voices partners with Fusion to share Lindsay King-Miller\u2019s \u201cAsk A Queer Chick\u201d advice column. So
How One Man Came To Terms With Being Gay In Singapore's Military. More than five years since President Barack Obama repealed \don't ask, don't tell,\\u00a0identifying as gay or lesbian in the
'Family' Group Member Can't Answer Simplest Question About Trans Bathrooms. What a spectacularly embarrassing segment for this guy.
Add 'Sequins And Sparkle' To Your Workout With This Fitness Regimen. \Workout's A Drag\ offers a glam approach to exercise.
I Met Face To Face With Evangelicals Who Oppose Trans Rights. My gut told me I needed to go and hear for myself the false rhetoric aimed at my transgender community and at me. I wanted to see if they truly believed the hate speech and if they would say it to my face.
The Ongoing Battle Over Transgender Bathroom Access. Two bookending clashes between the Obama administration and conservatives over bathroom and facilities access made the week just ended a momentous one for transgender Americans.
'Because of Sex' -- The Dam Bursts. Not only have the voices of the Attorney General and her Assistant AG been booming in their own right, they've been even more so relative to the voice of the community.
Here's How You Can Watch The Campy, Crazy Fun Of Eurovision This Weekend. Never heard of Eurovision? Don't worry -- until this month, many Americans were unfamiliar with the name, too. For the newly
Hillary Clinton Meets With HIV/AIDS Activists; Promises To Expand PrEP Availability. They discussed Clinton's commitment to tackling the epidemic and achieving an \AIDS-free generation.\
This Is The Beautiful Story Of The Day These Moms Adopted Their Baby. The latest in the Let Love Define Family series.
Introducing 'The Spectrum,' Where We Explore Diverse LGBTQI Identities. Our first episode is all about what it means to be intersex.
Caitlyn Jenner's Rep Slams Rumors Of The Star 'De-Transitioning'. A Kardashian biographer also claimed that Jenner was \still into women.\
Gloria Estefan, Broadway Stars Honor LGBT Families At NYC Gala. The Family Equality Council's annual Night at the Pier raised over $1 million.
The Biggest Queer Wellness Stories Of The Week. The $35.7 million campaign aims to curb smoking among LGBTQ young adults
NC Official Changes Stance On Pepper Spray In Trans-Friendly School Bathrooms (UPDATE). \Perverts and pedophiles taking advantage of this law in bathrooms was my major concern,\ Chuck Hughes said.
Target Won't Cave To Boycotters On Trans-Friendly Bathroom Policy, CEO Says. CEO Brian Cornell said Target has been hit before for its stands on social issues.
Dan Savage Has A Brilliantly Gross Idea To Protest NC's Anti-LGBT Law. Start filling up those jars, folks.
This Teen Learned To Accept His Sexuality And Gender 'In Different Ways'. Don't miss OutCasting, public radio\u2019s only LGBTQ youth program.
Dan Savage Takes On Ann Coulter Over Transgender Bathroom Rights. \A child molester doesn\u2019t need to put on a dress to go into a bathroom.\
Straight Women Try Strap-On Sex Toys For The First Time. Buckle up, ladies!
That's My Daddy. Over time, this book reminded me of the love that Mary and I had and how much we wanted to have a family -- how much we wanted to raise good people that would go out into the world and contribute. It reminded me that we made our kid of love just like everyone else.
The Antioch Review Demonstrates Why Mid-West Kills Queers From the Inside Out. People like Messrs. Fogarty and Harris are cowards
Obama Plans New Push For Transgender Rights In Schools. The White House is expected to insist that transgender students enjoy all the protections Title IX provides.
The De-Queering Of Historic Figures. The Danish Girl is a fantastic, beautifully acted movie. Eddie Redmayne, in particular, is an exquisite actor, emoting masterfully
These Beautiful Photographs Explore The Wide Spectrum Of Gender Identity. \As soon as we learn to understand, we can overcome the fear of the strange.\
7 Trans Models Share Their Journeys To Becoming Comfortable In Their Own Skin. \I hope to inspire other young and old men and women to [be more] accepting and tolerant -- to listen and not judge. To forgive and to love.\
Candis Cayne Reflects On Her Pioneering Journey As A Trans Woman In Hollywood. \Everybody transitions differently.\
Why Mother's Day Is So Important To These Lesbian Moms. \It reminds me that I conquered my biggest fear by living my truth.\
Hillary Clinton Backs Transgender Woman Allegedly Attacked On Subway. \I'm on your side,\ the presidential hopeful said.
Life In Mississippi Can Be Tough If You're Black And Queer. Mississippi is a difficult state for anyone to live in. With nearly a quarter of its residents living under the poverty line
This Incredible Film Is Illuminating The Stories Of India's Transgender Women. \From the time I spent with the transgender women in India I realized that they see themselves as the opposite -- as warriors -- and that was and is amazing.\
RaiseAChild Pays Tribute To Foster Care And Adoption Champions At HONORS Gala. What a beautiful event!
The Case For Queer Superheroes In Hollywood. There\u2019s one character you almost certainly won\u2019t see this year.
The 'Bear-Naked Chef' Brings His Mouth-Watering Skills To Europe. Get ready for his meatballs in Spanish sauce.
Can You Really Break Your Penis? (And Answers To 8 Other Candid Sex Questions). Ouch.
How Some Black LGBTQ People Are Surviving In The Age Of HIV. It's a staggering and dire statistic \u2014 one that reinforces the dreadful sense that clouds my life and the lives of so many
This Immersive Dance Performance Explores Surveillance, Policing And Authority. \No person will leave this show having experienced the same thing.\
Change Is In The Air For 'Tough Love' Queer Web Series. The series' third season is coming to a close.
Anti-Queer Christians Invading Target Stores To Preach Are Wreaking Havoc. Religious protestors employ Bible scriptures to condemn the retailer's bathroom policies.
'Mapplethorpe' Documentary Directors Reflect On The Artist And Their Film. \I hope that the legacy of this film will be that it reminds people of how important it is to be your authentic self.\
High School Won't Allow Gay Student To Receive Scholarship At Awards Dinner. When Liam Jameson was awarded a scholarship from\u00a0the Eychaner Foundation in Iowa, he was overjoyed. The Eychaner Foundation
This Emotional Dance Showcase Remembers The Generation We Lost To AIDS. \We must revisit our grief in order to begin to heal from it.\
Where Are All The Butch Lesbians On TV And Film?. With the significant growth of lesbian and bisexual visibility on television within the last 10 years, it\u2019s been interesting
Here's Some Advice For LGBT Parents On How To Pick A School For Your Kids. \If suddenly it\u2019s Mother\u2019s Day and you have two dads, you\u2019re jacked.\
When It Comes To Gay Men, Masculinity And Femininity, What's Really Going On?. \Yes, homophobia is sexism.\
Cuba Inspires Names Candis Cayne As Honorary LGBT Ambassador To Cuba. The trans actress and activist will help promote LGBT rights.
Megyn Kelly Puts NC Governor Through The Wringer Over Anti-LGBT Law. Gov. Pat McCrory attempted to defend HB2 as \an expectation of privacy.\
Bigots Deface Awesome Pro-Queer Billboard In North Carolina. Oh, North Carolina...
Get A Sneak Peek At The Queer Movie You'll Soon Be Raving About. \Viva\ is a gay coming-of-age tale set in Cuba.
A Lesbian Reclamation Of The Word 'Girlfriend'. In 2014, at the ripe old age of 24, I finally got myself a girlfriend, and I was amped about it. I was in love. I was maybe
Caitlyn Jenner Says GOP Is 'So Off' On Transgender Issues. \They need some help. And I\u2019m here to help.\u201d
Think Marriage Has Made Life Easier For Southern Queers? Think Again. \I mean, in the South, which one is worse? Being outed at your job or being outed at church?\
This Film Festival Has 48 Classic Films Every Queer Person Should See. If you identify as queer, many of these films should be required viewing.
Here's What Happened When I Agreed To Try 'Smell Dating'. Can a stinky t-shirt and the willingness to try something new help you find love?
Jeffery Self Breaks Into The Young Adult Literary World With 'Drag Teen'. \I think it\u2019s important that we teach young queer people that this community is far bigger than what the mainstream might tell them and show them.\
Gay Twins Reveal How They Came Out... To One Another. The Rhodes Bros said their sexuality was \always a taboo subject\ growing up.
Alabama City Takes Bathroom Transphobia To A Scary New Extreme. In Oxford, Alabama using a bathroom that doesn't align with your birth certificate could put you in jail.
After Coming Out, Six Yale Athletes Launch A Student Support Group. Six LGBT athletes at Yale have come together to create a support group specifically for gay, lesbian, bisexual, trans and
Trans Suicide Hotline Calls Have Doubled Since NC Passed Anti-LGBT Law. Your weekly Queer Wellness round-up.
Woman Says A Family Dollar Clerk Refused To Serve Her Because She's Gay. Melissa Langford says she has the perfect idea for a protest, too.
Merriam-Webster Has Perfect Justification For Why 'Genderqueer' Is Now In Dictionary. 
N.C. Gov. Can\u2019t Even Enforce Anti-Trans \u2018Bathroom Law' In His Own Building. Someone conducted a sit-in of a different sort to prove it.
Before The Stonewall Uprising, There Was The \u2018Sip-In\u2019. On a bright, warm day 50 years ago this week, three young men went out to have a drink that they hoped would make history
Queer Film Explores Long-Term Relationships In The Age Of The Single. \This is a film that portrays the different dilemmas that many relationships face,\
A Student Came Out About Their Non-Binary Gender, And It Was To The President. \I know that in North Carolina, people are having to produce birth certificates to go to the toilet.\
Here's How You Can Help People Living With Serious Illnesses Celebrate Their Birthday. \Chuck has taught us all that having a homemade dessert at the end of the meal helps our clients living with illness feel a sense of normalcy...\
HRC Announces March On Mississippi Gov\u2019s Mansion To Repeal Anti-LGBT Law. \Take a stand and join HRC at the Rally to Repeal H.B. 1523 on Sunday, May 1 in Jackson, Mississippi.\u201d
Gay And Women's Rights Pioneers Come Together In New Musical Works. Kristen Chenoweth and Andrew Lippa team up for \I Am Anne Hutchinson/I Am Harvey Milk.\
These Two Moms Share Their Secret To A House Full Of Kids, Love And Happiness. \We love the boys and will do whatever it takes to make them ours forever.\
Former Arizona Governor Jan Brewer. \To be honest, I find it kind of bizarre that we\u2019re talking about bathrooms in presidential elections.\u201d
This Singer's Tribute To A Bygone New York Has A Great Cause. Travis Moser brings the Rodgers and Hart songbook to the stage.
Tennessee Student's Rainbow Noose Art Project Sparks Outrage. The student said she did not intend to offend the LGBT community with the project.
Meet The Trans Student Who Is Fighting For Bathroom Access In Florida. Nate Quinn said he thought about suicide before beginning the policy fight,
In Conservative Utah, Salt Lake City Takes Another Stand For LGBT Rights -- With Harvey Milk Tribute. The city council voted unanimously to rename a street after the pioneering gay leader, located blocks away from the headquarters of the Mormon church.
'Drag Race' Battle Of The Seasons Tour Kicks Off In North America. Are you ready to see your favorite RPDR queens in person?
This 'Edie Windsor' Scholarship Will Help Queer Women Learn To Code. \Imagine what apps and software would look like if they were made by women, queer women, women of color.\
Belinda Carlisle Says Governor Is Making It 'Hell On Earth' For Mississippians. The singer offered a cheeky nod to her '80s smash in condemning House Bill 1523.
How To Come Out (To Your Doctor). Your weekly Queer Wellness round-up.
This Web Series Is Blossoming Into Spring With Young Queer Romance. The latest episode of the \Tough Love\ series.
Guy Changes Name To 'Bruce Jenner' To Save Its 'Heterosexual Roots'. \The name once stood for America, and I just want to keep it alive.\
Op-Ed. On Saturday night, Simon Le Bon did what I assume he does during most of Duran Duran\u2019s shows on their current tour. Between
Here's How You Can Help This Biopic About A Trans Stonewall Legend. Do you know the story of Miss Major?
'Survivor' Contestant Makes Major Pro-Equality Statement On NC Mountaintop. \Please stop dumping on freedom and admit your wrongs.\
Rihanna Taking Fan Love To A Whole New Level By Helping A Fan Come Out. \Being who you are is the only way,\ Rihanna reportedly wrote to a loyal fan.
Amazing Hip-Hop Video Chronicles An Autobiographical Journey With Gender. \I just wanted to tell my story in the hopes someone would relate and it would offer them some peace.\
Ask A Queer Chick. Every month HuffPost Queer Voices partners with Fusion to share Lindsay King-Miller's \Ask A Queer Chick\ advice column. I
Is Gigi Gorgeous America\u2019s Next Top Model?. LOS ANGELES \u2014 On a Tuesday night not long ago, the YouTube star known as Gigi Gorgeous walked into the Nice Guy, the type
NeNe Leakes Like You've Never Seen Her Before. You betta work!
Here's What Lesbian Moms Need To Know About Picking A Donor. It's just a very small step in the long  journey of parenting.
Meet Amos Mac, Founder Of A Groundbreaking Magazine For Trans Men. \I feel like the mainstream 'sees' a small handful of public trans figures, but that doesn\u2019t mean the various trans communities that exist in the world are being seen on a larger scale.\
How To Support Your FTM Partner Through Their Transition. Relationships are constantly challenged by changes of all kinds because people themselves are always evolving. Sometimes
Blossom Into Spring With This Transcendental Experiment In Queer Community. More than anything, \Psychic\ is about the people that keep coming back.
Here's The Story Behind That Beautiful New Pro-LGBT Honey Maid Ad. The latest in the \Let Love Define Family\ series.
Bruce Springsteen Threatens To Boycott Another State Over Anti-LGBT Bill. The Boss means business.
The Most Powerful Queer Person In America Is.... Bow down to Tim Cook, Ellen DeGeneres and Rachel Maddow.
Why Trans Musician Laura Jane Grace Refuses To Cancel Her NC Show. \Visibility is more important than ever.\
This 'Quantico' Actor Says 'Sister Act 2' Changed His Life. Jay Armstrong Johnson's latest musical act is his most personal yet.
Rainbow Flags Burned Outside North Carolina Church After Law Controversy. The burning of two rainbow flags outside a rural church this weekend was personal for James and Brent Denisar-Green. The
Sharon Stone Scraps Mississippi Film Plans Over Anti-LGBT Law. \The Principal\ will now be shot in another location.
New 'Don't Be Mean To People' Beer Is Fighting Bigotry In North Carolina. Help vanquish your thirst and hate all in one sip!
New Anti-Queer Tourism Spoof Reveals Potential Terrifying Future Of Tennessee. \Ride a horse without worrying a gay guy is looking at your butt\u2026\
Being Transgender in North Carolina. Transgender residents of the Triangle area of NC talk about their experiences and the impact of HB2 on their lives.
Now You Can Get PrEP Delivered To Your Front Door. This is major.
Advice From 7 Lesbian Couples Who Have Been Together For More Than 30 Years. Lez be honest
Bryan Adams Follows In Springsteen's Footsteps, Cancels Mississippi Gig. Rock on.
NYC's LGBT Center Dinner To Honor Mary Louise Parker, Raise Funds For Youth. The event is hoping to raise over million dollars to support The Center's programming.
T.R. Knight Sounds Off On Backlash To Equality, New Projects. He says working with James Franco is \the cherry on top of the cherry on top of the cherry.\u201d
North Carolina NAACP Promises 'Sit-Ins' If HB2 Isn't Repealed. \u201cWe are the laughing stock of the whole nation.\
New Gay Dramedy Tackles The Emotional Aftermath Of Breaking Up. Because we've all been there.
Largest Ever Study Of Transgender Teenagers Set To Kick Off. For transgender children who think their bodies are the wrong sex, puberty can be terrifying. To alleviate this psychological
Joel McHale Makes Awesome Move In Response To North Carolina's Anti-LGBT Law. Joel's got our backs -- and he's putting his money where his mouth is.
Congressman Slams Bruce Springsteen As 'Bully,' May Support Justin Bieber Instead. \I consider this a bully tactic. It's like when a kid gets upset and says he's going to take his ball and go home.\
20,000 Lesbians In The Desert. Every year at the end of March, 20,000 lesbians from around the world fly into the Californian desert for five days of debauchery
WWE's 'Total Divas' Help LGBT Pro Wrestling Fan Come Out to His Parents. Wrestling with coming out is seldom easy for members of the LGBT community. Fortunately for Dustin Brown, when he finally decided to open up to his family last fall, he had two unexpected allies in his corner -- cast members of World Wrestling Entertainment's Total Divas.
The 'T' Is No Longer Silent. Visibility alone won't stop the vicious attacks on the lives of transgender people. It won't stop the murders of transgender women of color, nor will it create jobs and safe affordable housing opportunities for our communities. For that to happen, we must be more involved in the political process.
A Personal Look At What Dating Is Like If You're A Gay Asian Man. \We felt like we were 'fetishized' within the gay community by just being ourselves.\
U.S. Appeals Court Upholds Gay Marriage in Puerto Rico. A U.S. appeals court has ruled that Puerto Rico can't prohibit gay marriage. The court overruled a federal judge who said
In Search Of Love, A Gay Funnyman Looks To The Stars For Answers. Writer-performer Justin Sayre gets personal with his new play, \Love's Refrain.\
Study Finds Having A Conversation About Trans Issues Can Change People's Minds. Door-to-door outreach can profoundly change people's perspectives over the long-term.
PFLAG Honors Kristin Chenoweth, Melissa Harris-Perry At 2016 Gala. The event raised over $90,000 for \the nation's largest family and ally organization.\
What Do Ebola And OKCupid Have In Common?. \Dating and panic attacks, what fun!\
An Open Letter to North Carolina's Lawmakers from A Trans North Carolinian. On March 23, lawmakers in North Carolina passed a bill that bans transgender people from using any bathroom other than the
Composer Denies Use Of \u2018Wicked,\u2019 Other Broadway Hits In North Carolina Over Anti-LGBT Law. Stephen Schwartz says his shows won't go on under House Bill 2.
Why Does Crystal Meth Still Attract Gay Men?. As the first snow of 2016 falls, a few dozen people, mostly men but some women, pile into what they call the \u201cbell tower
Amazing Documentary Showcases The Voguing Ballroom Scene Over The Last 30 Years. \The LGBT mainstream has much to learn from the Ballroom community and needs to see that it is possible to embrace and love each others differences.\
Incredible New Slate Of Documentaries To Elevate Everyday LGBT Heroes. \u201cThe filmmakers brilliantly showcase inspiring individuals who exhibit the true strength of the human spirit by overcoming challenges that threaten life and love.\u201d
Man Pleads Guilty To Beating Transgender Woman Islan Nettles To Death. A 25-year-old man charged with beating a transgender woman to death in Harlem nearly three years ago has pleaded guilty to
First Look. Robert Mapplethorpe\u00a0passed away on the 9th of March 1989. Yet, having spent the last two-plus years making a film about his
The Biggest Queer Wellness Stories Of The Week. Your weekly Queer Wellness round-up.
7 Transgender Women You Should Know Besides Caitlyn Jenner. Every year on March 31, Transgender Day of Visibility highlights the accomplishments of\u00a0transgender\u00a0people. It's a day for
LGBT Struggle With Religious Faith Turned Into Glorious, Power-Pop Anthem. Parson James calls \Temple\ a celebration of \who we are as human beings.\
More Diversity For Michigan Book Award?. These awards have been sponsored by the Library of Michigan since 2004, but go back almost 25 years. Each year judges pick 20 Notable Michigan books \reflective of Michigan's diverse ethnic, historical, literary, and cultural experience.\
The County in Michigan Where HIV Is a Crime. Judge Dodge's courtroom has already played host to one of the most troubling criminal cases brought under an HIV-specific criminal laws in recent memory. Will Judge Dodge let stigma prevail again on Monday?
Dad Accused Of Murdering Gay Son (UPDATED). He'd threatened to kill his son before, according to prosecutors.
The Biggest LGBT Names In Media Hit New York For One-Night-Only Fete. The 21st annual \Headlines & Headliners\ was a star-studded benefit.
Gay Man Allegedly Killed By Father Made Chilling Facebook Posts. Prosecutors say the victim's father had threatened to kill him before.
This Music Festival Is Helping To Combat Anti-LGBT Discrimination In NC. \In some ways, we\u2019re queering the typical music festival.\
Drag Legend Lady Bunny Has A Gag-Worthy New Show You Can't Miss. Are you ready for \Trans-Jester\?
'Mad Men' Actor Wants Mississippi To Find Hope In His Wedding. Kit Williamson and John Halbach take a stand against the state's anti-LGBT bill.
The Beautiful Inspiration Behind 'The Simpsons' Coming Out Episode. A longtime writer said the episode is a tribute to his son.
Trevor Project Celebrates Transgender Day of Visibility. Rachel Crandall, the head of transgender advocacy and education organization\u00a0Transgender Michigan,\u00a0founded Transgender Day
6-Year-Old's Response To Parent Transitioning Is Absolutely Perfect. This is what love looks like.
Mental Health Care for Trans Folks Isn\u2019t All That. Your weekly Queer Wellness round-up.
Queer Activists Deliver A Big Surprise For North Carolina's Governor. Activists told Gov. Pat McCrory where to put his bigoted logic with a portable toilet.
With Your Help, A Pro-Trans House Could Move Right Next To Westboro Church. We're so stoked about this!
Despite $80,000 Fine, B&B Vows To Disregard 'Immoral Laws'. Jim Walder says his inn won't host same-sex weddings now or in the future.
Police Search For Suspect In Rape Of Trans Woman At Stonewall. The case comes at a critical time in the debate over trans restroom use.
Things Get Steamy (And Sad) In This New Episode Of 'Tough Love'. \u201cThis week\u2019s episode is definitely our most intimate (and sexy) yet.\
Transgender Woman Allegedly Raped In Stonewall Inn Bathroom. A transgender woman was raped inside a bathroom at the historic gay bar Stonewall Inn this weekend, according to police. The
Atlanta Man Indicted For Pouring Boiling Water On Gay Couple. Prosecutors say a man accused of pouring boiled water on two gay men inside a suburban Atlanta apartment has been indicted
This Incredible Ballet Company Is Creating A Space For Queer And Trans Dancers. \We take classic tales, that are part of a wider culture... and create new stories that don't just include us, but celebrate us at the center of something grand, noble and glorious.\
This Crossdresser Is On A Cross-Country Mission To Transform Men Into Women. \Sometimes you have to listen to your life's calling, even if it means stepping out of your comfort zone.\
See What Happens When Caitlyn Jenner Meets Hillary Clinton. The Olympian is said to have been \starstruck\ by the encounter.
These Incredible Lesbian Moms Want To Revolutionize How TV Shows Foster Parents. The small screen won't be the same after these super moms have their way with it.
Kourtney Yochum Becomes The 7th Reported Trans Person Murdered This Year. At 1:20 pm yesterday afternoon in Los Angeles, 32-year-old trans woman of color Kourtney Yochum,\u00a0who also went by Quartney
Rob Reiner Says He Won\u2019t Shoot In NC Unless Anti-LGBT Law Is Repealed. As studios and media companies were lining up to condemn a pending Georgia religious liberty bill,North Carolina\u2019s governor
Broadway's Best Sing (And Swap Genders) For An Amazing LGBT Cause. The show aimed to depict LGBT stories through musical showstoppers.
Hollywood Actors Join Georgia Boycott Threats Over Gay Bill. The controversial bill, passed by the Georgia state legislature last week, declares that no pastor can be forced to perform a same-sex wedding.
Probing The Complexities Of Transgender Mental Health. Experiencing the world as a different gender than the one assigned you at birth can take a toll. Nearly all research into
Here's Why RuPaul Is 'Fine' With Straight Culture Stealing From Gay Culture. \We have so much more where that comes from. Take it!\
Disney Threatens Bad News For Georgia If State Adopts Anti-LGBT Bill. The house of mouse has no time for homophobia.
This Quirky And Adorable Web Series Offers An Honest Look At Queer Life. \Tough Love\ is self depreciating humor at its finest.
Want To Help End HIV? Tell Your Story!. Your weekly LGBT Wellness round-up.
This Is What Happened That Time Grindr Died For A Day. Where were you on Jan. 31, 2016?
Big Freedia Pleads Guilty to Government Fraud. This week, Big Freedia, the rapper featured on Beyonce's \Formation,\ pleaded guilty to receiving government housing assistance
Students In D.C. Combated Westboro In A Truly Amazing Way. \Today the voices of love and acceptance drowned out the voices of hate.\
Some Of Your Favorite 'Drag Race' Queens Are Now LEGO Masterpieces. We're gagged.
One Of Our Favorite Queer Rappers Takes On 'FOMO' In New Video. \It doesn't really matter what you end up doing, the important thing is maintaining relationships with the people you love.\
These 16 Shows Gave Queer Lady Couples A Happy Ending. No, we\u2019ll never forget what happened to Tara. But, fine, Willow looked pretty happy with Kennedy and her tongue piercing
'Vogue Opera' Is A Celebration Of Art And Ballroom Culture. \[Voguing] is a culture that birthed from a place of oppression, struggle and pain.\
A Gay Dad's Take On Donald Trump And Marco Rubio\u2019s 'War Of Penises'. \You make me ashamed of being a male.\
Matthew Rhys On His 'Refreshing' Gay Character On 'Brothers & Sisters'. \There was no coming out story. There was no challenge,\ the actor tells HuffPost Live.
Meet The Consultant Teaching Trans Women How To Be 'Feminine'. In a world where trans people have been denied the right to express their gender freely, a high femme cisgender woman named
'Gayby Baby' Documentary Looks At Gay Parents Through The Eyes Of Their Kids. Out of the mouth of babes...
TMZ Head Honcho Harvey Levin Gets Surprisingly Candid About His Sexuality. The media mogul gets personal to support a good cause.
This Amazing Gay Dad Is Single-Handedly Raising 8 Kids. Apparently Superman lives in rural Florida.
A Larger-Than-Life Celebration Of Robert Mapplethorpe Comes To New York. The display features both famous and lesser-known works.
The Mother Of NYC Nightlife Is Working On A Film About Her Life. She says the film is a look at \the world behind the woman.\
Barber Cites His Faith For Why He Refused To Cut Army Vet's Hair. And his grounds are both transphobic and misogynous.
'We Kill Gay People,' This Closeted Baseball Player Was Told. Too many comments like that drove Tyler Dunnington out of the sport.
Here's How Cuba Is Fighting Homophobia...With Music. \Through music we fight for our rights,\ a lesbian hip-hop duo says.
'Drag Race' Favorite Latrice Royale Drops A Sultry New Music Video. \My goal is to be authentic to myself, my voice, and my experience.\u201d
This Is What Happens To A Go-Go Boy When He Grows Up. One of our favorite web series is returning for a star-studded second season.
This New Kids' Book Aims To Teach A Powerful Lesson In Self-Acceptance. For his latest, Greg McGoon said he wanted to explore self-worth and anxiety in a playful way.
Seton Hall Makes March Madness History With First Openly Gay Player. Senior guard Derrick Gordon will blaze a new trail, once more.
Bernie Sanders Unveils Plan To Tackle HIV/AIDS. Sanders wants to make access to treatment easier Sen. Bernie Sanders has unveiled a new proposal to tackle HIV and AIDS just
How 'Crazy Ex-Girlfriend' Is Changing The Game For Bisexuality On TV. If you only know bisexuality through your TV screen, you probably have a completely warped version of it.
Grindr Founder Responds To Claim That The Hook-Up Is Killing Gay Bars. What do you think? Sound off in the poll below.
Judge Refuses To Reconsider Jail Sentence For Philly Gay Basher. Judge Roxanne Covington on Monday denied a request to reconsider the sentence of Kathryn Knott, the Bucks County woman convicted
These Are The Queer Women Who Should Be In History Books. LGBT history is severely lacking from the lessons we learn in school, and so are many incredible women who deserve their
Instagram Makes Bold And Amazing Move On Behalf Of LGBTQ Youth. Curated by Raymond Braun, #VisibleMe is the first video channel of its kind.
Ellen Page And Co-Host Ian Daniel Open Up About Confronting Prejudice While Filming 'Gaycation'. \I hope that it, absolutely, will change.\
Trans Viral Star Ts Madison Opens Up About Fame, Visibility And More. \I\u2019ve evolved so many different times in three years and the people following me have evolved with me.\
What It's Like To Grow Up Trans In An Ultra-Orthodox Community. In the ultra-orthodox Hasidic community of Abby Stein\u2019s childhood, there was no word for what she was experiencing. Then
Watch The Amazing Way Pop Star Troye Sivan Just Helped This Teen Come Out. It's an incredible moment that 14-year-old Kelly won't ever forget.
I Am Absolutely Furious and I Don't Know What to Do With Myself. When I think of Hillary Clinton offering her eloquent ode yesterday to Nancy Reagan for late first lady's supposed \very effective, low key [AIDS] advocacy,\ I am absolutely furious and I don't know what to do with myself.
An Open Letter To Secretary Clinton. Dear Secretary Clinton, I'm asking you to do something about HIV/AIDS, something no candidate has yet committed to doing, and no POTUS has been able to do so far--end the HIV/AIDS epidemic.
Caitlyn Jenner. And don't try to convince her otherwise.
You've Never Seen A 'Snow White' Quite Like This Before. Pasties, pole dancers and a \gender neutral\ prince are three highlights of Company XIV's latest work.
Our Favorite Queer Web Series 'The Outs' Is Finally Returning. We're so stoked!
Former First Lady Nancy Reagan Watched Thousands Of LGBTQ People Die of AIDS. Nancy Reagan will be laid to rest this week after passing away at the age of 94 on Sunday. Wife to Ronald Reagan, the nation\u2019s
Judge Says SCOTUS Same-Sex Marriage Ruling Doesn't Apply To Puerto Rico. In a stunning decision a federal judge has ruled that the Supreme Court's decision almost a year ago that found same-sex
Last Men Standing. Peter Greene had grown used to being alone with his memories. There weren\u2019t many people left who shared them. So when he
Texas Rep Still Thinks Gays Will Die Out If Put On A Desert Island. Louie Gohmert also got biblical when talking about Donald Trump.
Caitlyn Jenner Says Hillary Clinton 'Couldn't Care Less' About Women. Hmmmm.
This Man's Love Of Liza Minnelli To Shine Bright On Her 70th Birthday. Seth Sikes has made a name for himself as a celebrated interpreter of Liza's mom, Judy Garland.
5 Things To Know About Lesbian And Bisexual Women\u2019s Health. And a few of the other LGBT wellness stories you should know about this week.
5 Gay And Lesbian Parenting Myths Debunked. Because some still believe those parents aren't as worthy as their heterosexual counterparts.
I Love My Boyfriend, But I Hate Our Relationship. What does it say about me if my boyfriend wants to sleep with other people? What the fuck is wrong with me that he can\u2019t
Here's What Happens When A Bro Gets Sent To A Gay Rehabilitation Camp. \There are a whole array of gay characters in this film...\
These Polyamorous People Want You To Know What Their Lives Are Really Like. \We are finally allowing people to, rightfully so, define themselves.\
What It's Like To Be A Gay Black Man Who Has Only Dated White Men. I\u2019m quickly approaching my 25th birthday and have come to the realization that I\u2019ve never been in a long-term relationship
The Horrible Things Gay Refugees Face In The Netherlands. The Dutch parliament is calling on the country\u2019s government to offer emergency housing for gay refugees, who for months have
Here's What I Want You To Know About My Life as a Feminine Transman. Falling in the middle, both in body and with how I dress, is what makes me comfortable. I feel attractive when I take time to do makeup or sculpt my facial hair, I feel desirable in a flippy skirt or click-clacking boots.
Here's The Beautiful Story Of How These Two Dads Started Their Family. \The key to it all is to be true to yourself and be real.\
This School Just Banned Transgender Students. Mount Saint Charles Academy in Woonsocket, Rhode Island has issued a policy banning transgender students from the school
Donald Trump Is About To Get Trolled... By A Giant Penis Brigade. An activist group found a cheeky way to protest the \dong\ leading the GOP.
Rick Santorum. Here's why Santorum thinks Cruz is falling behind in the race.
Doctor Of Man Who Contracted HIV On PrEP Discusses His Findings And What They Mean. \u201cBecause we\u2019ve always suspected that this potentially could happen, and now we\u2019ve shown that it can happen, people need this
UN Brings Ambassadors From 17 Nations To Broadway's 'Fun Home'. The Tony-winning smash addressed issues \in a way that resolutions and statements never can.\u201d
RuPaul's New Video Has Every Fetching Runway Look He's Worn On 'Drag Race'. Get ready -- the world's most famous drag queen is about to give new meaning to the term \March madness.\
Judge Agrees To Hear Resentencing Motion In Gay-Bashing Case. A Philadelphia judge Tuesday agreed to hear a resentencing motion in the case of Kathryn Knott, the Bucks County woman jailed
Mormon Leader. The elder's remarks reflect his church's crackdown on LGBT issues.
Kris Jenner Tells Ellen Her Thoughts About Caitlyn Starting To Date Men. \Confusing for sure.\
10 Realities Of Being Queer And Mexican. It\u2019s been my experience, being a queer who is also a Mexican and member of a family that just barely has its foot out of
How Long Gay And Bi Men Live in San Francisco Might Affect Their HIV Risk. And a few of the other LGBT wellness stories you should know about this week.
Can Fashion Help Abolish Gender Norms Altogether?. The accessibility of information online has undoubtedly provided a number of platforms for marginalised people to speak out
The Incredible Story Of Trans Showgirl, Musician And Legend Calpernia Addams. One of Hollywood's most prominent trans voices opens up about her journey.
Why Do So Many Queer Women Have Tattoos?. Historically some of you are probably familiar with ordinances like people in gay bars being required to wear at least three
A Look At Broadway's 10 Hottest Chorus Boys. Every spring in New York, Broadway comes to fresh life with a new batch of musicals, whose talented cast members sing and
How To Handle A Butch Lesbian Bridesmaid. Matrimonial bliss must be in the air\u2014two good friends announced engagements in the last week, and I\u2019ve been inundated with
'Drag Race' Favorite Adore Delano Drops 'Dynamite' New Video. It's time for the \After Party.\
These Men And Their Glitter Beards Will Challenge How You Think About Gender. \There is so much pressure I think to conform these days and be so gender specific, but why?\
Trans Nom Boycotts Oscars, Says It's Only For 'Commercially Viable' Stars. Anohni is a Best Original Song nominee for \Manta Ray.\
Case Of A Gay Man Contracting Drug-Reistant HIV While On PrEP Reported. Researchers have for the first time documented a case of an individual contracting HIV, a multi-drug resistant strain, while
How It Feels To Navigate A Gym Locker Room When You're Transgender. Here's the thing about locker rooms
This Amazing Children's Book Asks Kids To Question What Is 'Normal'. Kids of all ages won't want to miss Normal Norman.
This Couple's Spin Class Proposal Takes Flash Mobs To The Next Level. True love was in the spokes for #TeamJadam
Revisiting \Truvada Whore,\ Three Years Later. n November 2012, writer David Duran penned a piece on Huffington Post challenging the rush to embrace PrEP as a tool to combat
How A Top Christian School Turned Against Its Gay Leader. I had been a gay Christian blogger for several years when Wheaton College reached out to me in June of 2014. A ministry associate
Season Eight Of 'RuPaul's Drag Race' Kicks Off In New York. We're actually gagged over this season's competition.
Company Says 'It's Time To Relocate' After Georgia Backs Religious Freedom Bill. Telecom startup 373k didn't mince words.
Meet Kate Bornstein, The One-Woman Whirlwind Who's Lived Many Lives. Kate Bornstein has crammed a lot of lives into her 67 years. In no particular order, she has been
Greg Berlanti Welcomes A Son Via Surrogate. Meet Caleb Gene Berlanti.
Study Finds These Kinds Of Schools May Be Worse For Queer Teens. And a few of the other LGBT wellness stories you should know about this week.
Picture It. Get ready to put your own spin on Dorothy, Blanche, Sophia and Rose.
This Couple's High-Flying Proposal Is Not For The Faint-Of-Heart. This ecologist popped the question while amongst the Panama treetops.
The Hilarious Reason Why Peter From 'Family Guy' Just Joined Grindr. Delicious!
Straight People Are Going On Grindr -- But Not For The Reason You'd Think. \This is embarrassing,\ Elizabeth*, 26, told Mic over the phone, her voice shaking. She was talking about how she discovered
The 'Danish Girl' Creative Team Share Their Experiences With The Story. The film's writer and director reveal why Lili Elbe's life stuck with them.
Designer Presents Stunning 'Genderless' Show During New York Fashion Week. \By creating a genderless label, I hope to celebrate the destruction of antiquated traditions and celebrate equality.\
Why 'Triumph The Insult Comic Dog' Won't Be Making Any Anti-Gay Jokes. Bravo, Robert Smigel.
Woman Gets More Than She Bargained For On Date With 'Bisexual, Queer, Faggot' Clown. There's something beautiful going on beneath that makeup.
Meet The Queer Woman Who Proved Einstein's Theory About Gravitational Waves. Albert Einstein predicted the existence of gravitational waves\u2014ripples in spacetime\u2014almost a century ago. But until recently
Magic Johnson Has The Best Idea To Fight Manny Pacquiao's Homophobia. The basketball icon shows he's all class.
Get An Intimate Look At Queer Life In Japan. \The more I learned about these quietly revolutionary queer individuals in Japan, the more I wanted to share these stories with the world.\
With 'Uncontrolled,' Singer Matt Doyle Gets Sleek, Sexy -- And Brutally Honest. Check out his steamy \Moment\ video, too.
These Gay Dads Never Expected To Create A Family, But Here's Why They Did. Meet Mark Gallegos, Mark Bushgens and their incredible brood.
Viral Star Brendan Jordan Comes Out As 'One Of The Trans Community'. The 16-year-old goes \by the pronouns he or she.\
Justin Sayre Explores The Ins And Outs Of Gay Tinder Dating. The writer-performer tells it like it is.
Charges Dismissed Against Six Ex-Employees Of Rentboy.com. Federal authorities have dismissed charges against six former employees of the website Rentboy.com, while continuing to move
That Time As A Gay Guy When You Lose Your Girlfriends To Some Sham Like Marriage. There are three guarantees in every gay man's life
Apparently SCOTUS Created A 'Third Sex' With Gay Marriage Ruling. GOP lawmaker says Christians are \practically doomed\ unless they accept it.
Four Movies That Should've Had Queer Endings. Some movies end in ways that are deeply unsatisfying (Memento), deeply unsettling (Cracks) or just make you want to scratch
Electronic Music Duo Creates New Album Using...Their Washing Machine. The two men of Matmos say there's \something very queer\ about their new album.
How The 2016 Presidential Candidates Stack up for LGBT Women - AfterEllen. Listen up, ladies
See What Happens When Two Brides Choose The Same Gown To Marry... Each Other. WeddingWire aims to be \inclusive of all couples\ with its new campaign.
Get Ready For The Ultimate 'Golden Girls' Fan Tribute. \Out on the Lanai\ will be for the diehard fans of the iconic sitcom.
'American Idol' Finalist Rayvon Owen Comes Out In His New Music Video. \Authenticity suddenly became more important to me than hiding who I am.\
Black Panthers Founder Huey Newton Supported Gay Rights Back In 1970. While Black Panther Party founder Huey Newton\u00a0was a controversial figure in the civil rights movement, he was also a surprisingly
Love Is Lifting These Queer Couples Higher In Incredible Trick Photo Series. They've been swept off their feet!
Ross Mathews Recalls The Moment He Chose To Embrace His 'Man Boobs' And 'High' Voice. \Embrace what makes you different and use it to stand out.\
This Is What It's Like To Be A Gay Refugee in Germany. They travel 2,000 miles for a chance at a better life, only to arrive at their destination and realize that everything works
Sick Of Dating Real Men? Now You Can Virtually Date And Fall In Love. \We all want to be loved.\
This Amazing Group Changed The Game For LGBT Military Families. The latest in the \Let Love Define Family\ series.
Here's What You Need To Know About Alan Cumming's Penis Film. \I'm an intactivist and I think I'm fabulous.\
The Amazing Thing That Happened When This College Football Star Came Out As Gay. There is something unique about discussing the merits of gay marriage while in the locker room showers with 11 other naked
Can Straight People Be Queer?. It's not easy being woke. Johnny Depp's 16-year-old daughter Lily Rose Depp tried to come out as a queer ally recently and
How Internet Star TS Madison Turned Hard Knocks Into Comedic Gold. It\u2019s no wonder that television producers have come calling for Atlanta\u2019s Madison Hinton, also known as TS Madison, the ebullient
The Gay Guide To Super Bowl 50. Celebrating our 15th anniversary, this year's Gay Guide to the Super Bowl. WHAT
The Valentine's Day Cards Of Your Wildest Lesbian Dreams (NSFW). We'll take one of each, please. Thanks.
#TransBillMA. In Massachusetts we're proud of our state's role in \inventing America.\  What is a surprise, though, is how our democracy continues to turn a blind legislative eye to the daily struggles with discrimination faced by our transgender fellow Bay Staters.
There's Something Lily-Rose Depp Wants You To Know About Her Sexuality. \So many kids these days are not labeling their sexuality and I think that\u2019s so cool,\
3 Things Gender Non-Conforming People Would Like You To Know. While we are generally pretty understanding of the fact that our gender presentation doesn't fit neatly into the folds of all you've been taught in this world, we really don't desire your assistance in repackaging us so we can fit in.
Correcting Legalized Bias. The last chapter of the legal campaign to decriminalize homosexuality is unfolding in the Indian Supreme Court.
Carolina for the Equality Win. You can tell a lot about a team by how hard they work on on the field and how well they treat their fans. The Carolina Panthers are winning in both categories.
Hey, Kanye. Embracing the act of being a \bend-over boyfriend\ can lead to a more enlightened view of sexuality, both when it comes to ourselves and others. In particular, learning to view anal pleasure positively could further a culture that no longer treats queer desire as morally objectionable.
New United Nations Stamps Promote LGBT Rights. The United Nations Postal Administration has released six new postage stamps promoting equality for lesbian, gay, bisexual
Texas Judge's 'Faith In God' Is Why He Refuses To Perform Same-Sex Weddings. Is this guy the new Kim Davis?
Why LGBT Parenting Matters So Much...To This Heterosexual Man. The latest in the Let Love Define Family series.
'Chloe Sevigny' Is Here To Teach You How To Make It As A 'Mo-del'. \It's recently come to me attention that I am mo-del.\
Drag Icon Sherry Vine Is Launching Her Own Queer TV Network. Here's why gaySVTVworld could be Vine's most ambitious project yet.
Get To Know The New 'Drag Race' Queens' Skills Before The 8th Season Debuts. We did some investigative research into these girls' performance backgrounds so you didn't have to!
Abby Wambach Says Her Post-Soccer Career Will Be Fighting For Equality. Plus, she's getting her own Barbie!
New York City Schools Take Historic Step Forward For Gay Kids. The largest school district in the country now has an LGBT community liaison.
She? Ze? They? What\u2019s In A Gender Pronoun. WASHINGTON \u2014 What happens when 334 linguists, lexicographers, grammarians and etymologists gather in a stuffy lecture hall
Classic 18th Century Paintings Inspire 'Obscene And Pornographic' New Exhibit (NSFW). \This exhibition inherently asks the questions \u2018is this obscene? Is this pornographic?\u2019 because it comes from a queer perspective.\
Are Queer Youth More Likely To Do Things That Could Cause Cancer?. And a few of the other LGBT wellness stories you should know about this week.
13 Things Gay Porn Stars Are Tired Of Hearing. \When are you going to get a real job?
Why Courts Matter. 
Straight Parents Answer Questions That Gay Parents Always Get Asked. A funny (but awkward) conversation ensues.
Indigo Girls. \It's only hard when it's derogatory, and it's mostly derogatory.\
Two Moms Open Up About How They're Forming Their Dream Family. The latest in the Let Love Define Family series.
Anti-LGBT Republican Allegedly Caught Using Grindr. Addressing the Southwestern Virginia GOP lawmaker who cruised Grindr this past snowy weekend; First- welcome to RVA \u2013 I\u2019ve
U.S. Indicts Ex-Rentboy.com CEO On Prostitution Charge. The former chief executive of the male escort website Rentboy.com was indicted on Wednesday on a charge of promoting prostitution
Your Favorite 'Drag Race' Queens Are About To Battle At A Theater Near You. The line-up is MAJOR.
Here Are The 2016 GLAAD Media Award Nominees. The GLAAD Media Awards recognize and honor media for their fair, accurate and inclusive representations of the lesbian, gay
This Queer Web Series Perfectly Tackles Kids And LGBT Stigma. This is so important and necessary.
Here's A Prom Night Game-Changer For Queer Teens Everywhere. \We should be striving to nurture individuality and creativity, and understand that each expression of self is valid.\
Get Your First Look At Ellen Page's Big Queer Trip Around The World. \If you think you live in a part of the world where there aren't gay people, you're wrong.\
Ian McKellen On Oscar Diversity. According to the actor, minority groups in general get snubbed by the Academy.
Here's How To Come Out To Your Doctor. And a few of the other LGBT wellness stories you should know about this week.
Meet The World's First Gay Mormon Superhero. \If my little comic can bring some small measure of comfort and pleasure to those who\u2019ve felt marginalized by their faith because of their sexuality then I\u2019ve hit a touchdown.
Eva Longoria And Other Straight Stars Pose As Gay Couples To Show 'Love Is Love'. \If you couldn\u2019t identify to their love and feel it was real, then I would have failed.\
A Look At The New Queer Antiheroine. Every year, when a new season of Jenji Kohan\u2019s Orange is the New Black graces our Netflix accounts, one can truly count the
Transgender Woman Alleges Harassment At Popular Times Square Restaurant. A transgender woman says she was groped by a stranger and called homophobic and transphobic slurs by a group of friends at
RuPaul Just Nabbed Himself A Brand New Gig. Who wouldn't want to play a gameshow with RuPaul?
This Short Film Aims To Tell Queer Stories In New And Authentic Ways. \Anything I can do to balance out the proportion of marginalized stories to non-marginalized, I want to try and do.\
Gay Teen's Mom Takes Out Newspaper Ad To Celebrate His Coming Out. One mother was so upset about the repeal of Houston\u2019s Equal Rights Ordinance that she took out a $200 ad in the city\u2019s daily
For His New Act, Beloved Drag Queen John 'Lypsinka' Epperson Is A Man Unmasked. \It's a challenge to make oneself vulnerable,\  he said.
Atlanta Opening Its Own School Just For Queer Students. And a few of the other LGBT wellness stories you should know about this week.
Go Behind The Scenes Of Alan Cumming's New 'Sappy Songs' Album. \I really feel like I am a cabaret artist,\ he says.
Could Luke Skywalker Be Bisexual? Mark Hamill's Response Might Surprise You. \You can decide for yourself.\
These Queer, Gender Non-Conforming Dancers Are Shaking Up Alabama. The Prancing Elites are back for a second season.
The Judges On 'The Voice UK' Were Not Expecting This. We're blown away.
The Dangers In Assuming Women Are The Only People Who Menstruate. Everyone with a uterus tends to have a complicated relationship with their period. There\u2019s the bloody mess that can ruin
Donald Trump's Creepy 'Freedom's Call' Got A Gay Makeover. We're still recovering from seeing the original.
Why Jillian Michaels Is Reclaiming 'Fag' And 'Dyke'. \We don't allow them to harm us or hurt us.\
Everyone Uses Singular 'They,' Whether They Realize It Or Not. Talk about belated recognition. At its meeting in Washington, D.C., on Jan. 7, theAmerican Dialect Society voted to make
Gay People Ask Bisexuals Candid Questions About Their Lives. \Are gay men mean to you?\
Buck Angel, 'The Man With A Vagina,' On The Role Sex Plays In Living Authentically. \It is ok to love yourself and your body the way you see it -- not the way others want you too. \
Watch Two Gay Cowboys Get Intimate In This Steamy New Music Video (NSFW). Indiana Queen is paving the way in a traditionally conservative genre of music.
This Is The Most NSFW Coloring Book We've Ever Seen.. And It's Brilliant. We've all been there -- and we've all needed something like this.
San Francisco's Oldest Gay Bar May Be Closing Soon. Another one bites the dust, and this one's sad. One of the more charming remaining gay dives in the vicinity of Polk Street
Meet The First Trans Bride To Appear On 'Say Yes To The Dress'. \[We] call ourselves the trans Obamas.\
Meet Two Amazing LGBT Foster Care And Adoption Champions. The latest in the Let Love Define Family series.
Here's How Taraji P. Henson Would Silence Homophobic 'Empire' Haters. The Golden Globe winner is not amused.
House Republicans Just Messed With The Wrong 'Jeopardy!' Contestant. They didn't see this one coming?
Trans People Do Not Endanger Society The Way Society Endangers Trans People. Rush McKenzie lives in what seems like endless summer, just blocks away from the beach in Santa Barbara, California. His
Lesbian Mayor Of Salt Lake City Is Hopeful Mormon Church Will Shift On LGBT Rights. Jackie Biskupski met with Church officials in December.
This Gay Couple's Kiss Cam Smooch Is Giving Us The Warm And Fuzzies. It's believed to be an NHL first.
I\u2019m Proud To Be A Gay \u2018Slut\u2019. The LGBT community has reclaimed the word, making it one of admiration and approval. Gay men aren\u2019t having nearly as much
My Wife And I Are (Both) Pregnant. KATE ELAZEGUI
This Iconic NYC Gay Bar Is Celebrating Its 20-Year Anniversary. Congratulations, Barracuda!
Resolutions All Gay Men Should Consider In 2016. \u201cI am a gay man above all else.\u201d -Larry Kramer. In that spirit, I\u2019m Leo Herrera, a gay artist and activist. Here are my resolutions
Here's What Happens When Gay Guys Kiss Women For The First Time. Pucker up!
Are Gay And Bi Men More Susceptible To Ads About Appearance?. And a few of the other LGBT wellness stories you should know about this week.
Gay Guys Get Personal And Ask Straight Men All Of Their Burning Questions. \How often do you think about your penis?\
How A NYC Gay Couple Came To Forgive The Man Who Attacked Them. SOHO \u2014\u00a0Daniel Lennox-Choate and Larry Lennox-Choate III were shopping in SoHo with a friend last summer when they were attacked
Grindr, The Gay Dating App, Hooks Up With Fashion. When the monthlong marathon of men\u2019s fashion shows kicks off this week, so will the scrimmage to cover it
\u2018Steven Universe\u2019 Fans Are Fighting Bogus Homophobic Censorship. Cartoon Network\u2019s \u201cSteven Universe\u201d (from the same brilliant minds behind \u201cAdventure Time\u201d) has been celebrated for its depiction
This Vogue Ball Reimagining Of 'Cell Block Tango' Will Have You Gagging. \You throw shade at me one more time...\
Coming Out As Gay Superheroes. When the mutant superhero Iceman came out last month \u2014 thanks to a one-two punch of his prying telepathic teammate and a
New Indiana Bill Aims To Fine Trans People For Using The 'Wrong' Bathroom. The bill constitutes \lining up the potty police to stand at doors of bathrooms,\ Chris Paulsen tells HuffPost Live.
The LGBT Activist's Question That Left Ben Carson Speechless. Talk about awkward.
Here's An Amazing And Easy Way You Can Help Combat HIV Stigma. It can start by simply taking a photo.
104 LGBT People In Sports Who Came Out Publicly In 2015. Another year, another hundred or so stories of LGBT people in sports. It's become a hallmark of Outsports to tell these stories
Two 'Wicked' Flying Monkeys Got Engaged Onstage Over Christmas. Love was definitely in the air for these two.
Homophobia, Racism Marred Philadelphia's Annual New Year's Parade. Some participants mocked the gay community and Caitlyn Jenner.
Estonia's New Same-Sex Partnerships Law Prompts Legal Confusion. Couples were advised to hold off a bit before entering a union.
Here's How Colton Haynes Responded To Claims About His Sexuality. \Was it a secret?\
This Incredible Place Helps LGBT Foster Kids When There's Nowhere Else To Turn. The latest in the Let Love Define Family series.
13 Moments That Made Us Proud To Be Queer In 2015. Whoo hoo!
Hawaii Surprises Gay Veterans With The Wedding Of Their Dreams. The state's tourism industry is finally trying to position itself as a destination for same-sex couples.
Oregon Bakery That Rejected Lesbian Couple Pays Fine After All. The bakers refused to do so for months.
Korea's First-Ever Openly Gay Student Council President Discusses Why She Decided To Come Out. \My hope is that many people in many different places are encouraged to be bold.\
Trans Sex Workers Mistreated By The Institutions That Are Supposed To Help Them. Transgender people, especially trans people of color, face devastating levels of discrimination in all walks of life. They
Why Have There Been So Many Anti-Gay Attacks In Dallas?. A Dec. 22 attack in Dallas, Texas' Oak Lawn neighborhood, one of the centers of the city's gay community, brings the total
Big Wins, Bigotry And Backlash. Huge wins followed by equally huge backlash.
China Excludes Same-Sex Couples From Domestic Violence Law. The country is not likely to legalize same-sex marriage soon.
George Takei Reveals Why He Stayed Closeted For So Long. \I was silent on that one issue that was closest to me.\
Here Are 15 Of The Dumbest Things Said About The Queer Community In 2015. :
An LGBT Foster Youth Shares Her Beautiful Christmas Wish. The latest in the Let Love Define Family series.
30 Of The Queerest Christmas Songs. Happy holigays!
California Man Wanted To Join Al Qaeda Terrorists Because Of Gay Marriage, Feds Say. A 22-year-old Californian allegedly wanted to join Al Qaeda because of the Supreme Court's legalization of same-sex marriage
Meet 11 People Who Stood Up To Bigots In 2015 With Spectacular Results. A look back at some of our favorite heroes from the past 12 months.
This 'Bear-Naked' Chef Has A Thing Or Two To Show You About Cooking. What more could you ask for in a cooking show?
Fire Department Creates 'Star Wars' Parody To Warn Of Penis Ring Danger. \Don't use the force\
Steve Grand's Take On Mariah Carey's Christmas Classic Will Melt Your Heart. We've got the warm and fuzzies for days.
Gus Van Sant Re-Teams With Dustin Lance Black For New Gay Rights Series. Gus Van Sant is boarding ABC's gay rights movement miniseries \When We Rise\\u00a0as an exec producer and director,\u00a0Variety has
Reagan's Daughter. And Nancy Reagan supports the marriage equality decision!
FDA Eases Gay Blood Donation Ban. Still, major restrictions will remain.
Caitlyn Jenner's Prayer With Anti-LGBT Rights Pastor Ignites New Criticism. Activists say the trans reality TV star's visit to Houston was a publicity stunt and not inclusive.
Why Model Carmen Carrera Doesn't Always Want To Be Considered Trans. \I'm proud to be trans, but at the same time, I want people to view me as just a girl with a past.\
Here's How Doctors Can Make Coming Out Easier for Patients. And a few of the other LGBT wellness stories you should know about this week.
Musician Nomi Ruiz On What It's Like To Be Trans In The Music Industry. \There's always discrimination in every industry, especially the music industry. But at the end of the day, you can't deny talent.\
Here's The 'Star Wars' Gay Porn Parody You Just Knew Was Coming. O...M...G!
What Would Happen If The Disney Princes Were Queer -- And Hitting The Town? (NSFW). Are you sure you're ready for this?
Stealth Trans Houdini in the Men's Locker Room. It became a daily thought, to claim my body as male and to feel the liberation of congruence. I wondered what it could be like to have a body that would go unnoticed among men in the locker room; I fantasized about one day going for a swim without concern for my emotional and physical safety.
Here's How This Woman Is Changing The Lives Of Jamaica's LGBT Youth. Some of the biggest LGBT news stories from the past week.
A Gay Couple Opens Up About Building Their Beautiful Family. The latest in the Let Love Define Family series.
This Innocent Pole Has Some Politicians In Oklahoma Freaking Out. Happy Festivus, everyone!
Lesbian Moms Sue North Carolina To Update Birth Certificates. RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) \u2014 A same-sex couple is suing North Carolina to force officials to put both women's names on their children's
The 31 Countries Where Trans Candidates Have Run For Office Since 1977. Last week, Tamara Adri\u00e1n became the first transgender person elected to office in Venezuela, and the second trans person
This Lesbian Couple Will Make Network Television History Tonight. From the Let Love Define Family series.
Minnesota Under Fire For Banning Coverage Of Gender Confirmation Surgery. Because obviously politicians know best when surgery is medically necessary.
The (Humorous) Challenges Of Intergenerational Gay Relationships. In his latest video for HuffPost Gay Voices, writer-performer Justin Sayre opens up about the challenges of intergenerational
Broadway Stars 'Give A Little Bit' To Say Thanks This Holiday Season. What a joy to see such warm sentiments expressed in music!
Is It Now Harder To Come Out As Gay... Or Evangelical?. This Heritage Foundation researcher certainly thinks it's the latter.
Meet Brayton Bowman, The Out Singer You'll Want To Know In 2016. We've got a first listen to his new holiday song, too.
Here's A Look At The Evolution Of Transgender Characters In Hollywood. With Caitlyn Jenner, Laverne Cox and \Transparent\ making headlines in Hollywood and beyond, there's no question that 2015
SAGE's 30th Anniversary Toys Party Raises Over $270,000 For LGBT Elders. Awesome!
State Rep. Claims God Is Talking To Him. \The Supreme Court is not the supreme being.\
6 Rentboys Tell All. On August 25, the feds shut down Rentboy.com, declaring it an \internet brothel.\ The website, which was founded in 1996
Why This Gay Man With Cerebral Palsy Is Taking Off His Clothes. Ryan O'Connell shares \What's Underneath.\
Why Are People In This Hardware Store Ad Announcing Their Sexuality?. Exceedingly earnest or failed cultural reference?
Here's How You Can Help Survivors Of Prison Rape This Holiday. It's a small way to make a world of difference.
Come 'Homo For The Holidaze' With This Quarterly Queer Performance Showcase. \I'm always striving to get people together that you wouldn't typically see in the same room.\
This Is What Trans Looks Like. Here's what these trans folk want you to know.
Church Probes Priest Accused Of Embezzling $1 Million For Gay Sex Exploits. Bronx Rev. Peter Miqueli resigned shortly after accused of spending the money on drugs and S&M relations with a male escort.
A Hilarious Look At What It's Like To Have Your First Lesbian Experience. \There's light at the end of the tunnel and I wanted to see the comedy that takes place while navigating that particular tunnel.\
10 Tips For Bisexuals To Banish Winter Blues. Your weekly LGBT Wellness roundup.
This Model Is Photoshopping Other Models' Faces On Her Body To Make An Important Point. \I face a lot of rejection in the industry mostly because of my facial features being too, what they call, masculine.\
County Clerk's Religious Marriage Poster Removed After Public Outcry. The clerk said it was just a \celebration of marriage,\ but email records allegedly say otherwise.
You've Never Seen A 'Nutcracker' Quite Like This Before. \The Hard Nut\ puts an edgy, gender-bending spin on the classic story.
Award-Winning Magazine Honors Long-Term Survivors Of HIV. \People living with the virus can both survive and thrive.\
LGBT Republicans, Justin Sayre Wants To Have A Word With You. \Let's be honest
'RuPaul\u2019s Drag Race. Happy holigays!
LGBT Leader George Zander Dead At 71. \His legacy will live on forever\
This New Queer Film Explores The Intricate Dynamics Of Interpersonal Relationships. Can you relate?
A Sexy Lesbian Spin On 'I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus'. The stars say they wanted to represent their own multi-racial, foster-adoptive family.
'Transparent' Creator Jill Soloway Comes Out. She is currently in a relationship with poet Eileen Myles.
Sister Of 'OITNB' Star Opens Up About Being Trans In The Latino Community. \I refuse to be someone I'm not.\
Gay Dads Recall The Journey To Parenthood In Heartwarming Allstate Ad. \My hope is that she does not face the same obstacles that we did.\
This Model Just Became The First Openly Trans Person To Wed On Reality TV. \u2665\ufe0f\u2665\ufe0f\u2665\ufe0f\u2665\ufe0f\u2665\ufe0f
This Children's ABC Book Perfectly Skewers Jeb Bush. This is actually genius.
This Kid's Book Features A Prince Who Transforms Into A Princess. \The greatest gift you can ever give your child is love and support.\
Texans Want To Change Name Of Street Because It's... Gay. Ughz.
Study Finds PrEP Is Effective For Transgender Women. Your weekly LGBT Wellness roundup.
Against Me! Rocker Laura Jane Grace Opens Up About Trans Identity in 2015. \Trans people are not cliches and there is no one way to 'do trans right'...\
This 84-Year-Old Drag Queen Just Broke A Guinness World Record. And she's still giving shows!
This Is What It's Like To Be LGBT In Cape Town. Your biggest queer news stories from the past week.
Trans Teen Jazz Jennings Needs Only One Word To Respond To Bigots. Way to go, Jazz!
In Her Latest Show, 'Hedwig' Star Lena Hall Just Wants To Live Her Truth. The Tony-winning star pairs downtown cool with personal anecdotes for \Villa Satori.\
Transgender Woman Brutally Attacked In Queens. NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) \u2013\u2013 Police are looking for a man who nearly killed a transgender woman in a beating in Queens. Around
Kylie Jenner Reveals Why She Likes Caitlyn Better Than Bruce. The teen opened up about Caitlyn's transition.
Trans Women And Trans Men Offer Intimate Answers To Personal Questions. And everybody learns in the process.
'Psychic' Coming-Of-Consciousness Party Curators Sit Down With HuffPost Gay Voices. The transcendental 'Psychic' party series is back for its Fall installment.
Is Adam Lambert Too Sexy (And Gay) For This New Year's Concert?. Thousands have signed a petition calling for Lambert's Singapore performance to be canceled.
Here's What Happens When Kids Age Out Of Foster Care. The latest in the Let Love Define Family series.
15 Unexpectedly Candid Tips For Straight Guys From Reddit's Gay Men. \Don't be afraid of butt stuff. It's mind blowing if done right.\
From Homelessness to Activism. It wasn't easy surviving on the streets, while at the same time, going to school everyday. At age 14, for me and for many LGBTQ youth, getting ready for school the night before looked very different than it does for the average youth.
Here's What Happens When Kids Age Out Of Foster Care. The latest in the Let Love Define Family series.
Revolutionary New Surgery Could Allow Trans Women To Carry Children. A new surgery could allow transgender women to become pregnant. A clinic in Ohio recently started screening women for the
Here's Why Jake Gyllenhaal Didn't Sweat Playing Gay In 'Brokeback Mountain'. 'The struggle for identity is everybody\u2019s struggle. No matter what it is.\
21 Companies That Have Supported LGBT Rights. Don't you want to know where your money is going?
Here's A Stirring Anthem For Those In The World's Most Homophobic Countries. \We Know Who We Are\ juxtaposes EDM beats with footage of anti-gay violence.
The Ridiculous Reason This Anti-Gay Bigot Is Freaking Out On Black Friday. You're a mean one, Linda Harvey.
What Do Queer People Think About During Sex?. Your weekly LGBT wellness roundup.
HIV-Positive Men Read Mean Grindr Messages For One Important Reason. \In a very real sense, stigma helps to perpetuate HIV.\
This Incredible Couple Invites Foster Youth Over Thanksgiving. The latest in the Let Love Define Family series.
Critics' Notebook. Don't be fooled by the A-list actors and Oscar buzz; LGBT cinema in America is suffering a major creative crisis as gay loses
'It Gets Better' Launches Inspiring New Project To Celebrate 5th Birthday. It really does get better.
Jill Soloway On Caitlyn Jenner And What It Means To Be A Woman. \People really disdain femininity -- unless it's perfect.\
Here's How Authorities In The Mid-20th Century Tried To Ruin Queer Lives. \I didn't know how intricate the plot against us was...\
These Women Are Stripping Down To Challenge Traditional Ideas About Gender (NSFW). \Arriving at the self-realization that we don't have to accept the gender assigned to us at birth is both radical and beautiful.\
A Mother's Personal Story About Her Trans Child and Public Bathrooms. Our kid looked like he belonged in the men's room, but it is not okay in our society to take one's daughter into a men's room after a certain age. We were confused and so was our child.
This Company Is Trying To Change The Way That Trans Men Experience Their Periods. \We thought, if our goal is to break this taboo and eliminate the shame associated with periods globally, we've gotta do that for everyone.\
What It Means When I Say 'I've Always Felt Like a Woman'. What do transgender people mean, exactly, when they say \I've always felt like a man/woman?\
Two Gay Texans Open Up About Building Their Dream Family. The latest in the Let Love Define family series.
Islamophobia On Grindr Is Very Real Following Paris Attacks. Your biggest LGBT news stories from the past week.
Writer-Performer Justin Sayre Ponders 'What Kind Of Gay' He Is. \You can be any kind of gay you want, because we'll all be there for you, in on the joke.\
Brooklyn Queer Performance Showcase 'RITUAL' Celebrates Two Year Anniversary. Congrats, queens.
The Bold Reason Twitter Won't Let Employees Give Blood Onsite. After a gay employee was turned away, Twitter took action.
Think Being Young And LGBT Has Gotten Easier? Think Again. \I was taught to hate myself, in a sense, for being gay.\
Here's How To Respectfully Talk About HIV. Since July 3, 1981, when the New York Times\u00a0published news of a \rare cancer seen in 41 homosexuals,\ the media has wrestled
Congress To Hold First-Ever Forum On Violence Against Trans People. A congressional caucus on Tuesday will hold a forum on violence against transgender people, in Congress\u2019s first attempt to
Utah Judge Scott Johansen Removes Himself From Gay Foster Parent Case. A Utah judge who had ordered a baby girl taken away from her lesbian foster mothers and placed in a heterosexual home removed
Everything You Need To Know About The New Attacks On Caitlyn Jenner In One Sentence. Got it?
VA Announces Great News For Transgender Veterans. And other big LGBT news stories from the past week.
This Is What It's Like To Be An LGBT Syrian Fleeing For Your Life. LGBT refugees from across the Middle East flock to Turkey, escaping Islamist militias, sexual assault, and death threats
This New App Aims To Build An All-Inclusive Queer Online Community. \Q\ wants to be the first app of its kind.
You Know You're A Gay Kid Of The '90s If.... The 1990s were full of empty promises
New PrEP Campaign Aims To Fight Slut-Shaming And Break Down Stigma. A new video-based campaign is working to address stigma within the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) community
Here's What It's Like For A Single Gay Man To Welcome Twins Through Surrogacy. \I wanted to be a good father.\
The Guys Of A Great Big World Want A Few More Gay Love Songs. Let's hope it doesn't end with Grammy-winning duo's latest.
10 Trans And Gender Non-Conforming People You Need To Know. Props to these pioneers who encouraged us to embrace our gender identities, however complex they may be.
Utah Judge Reverses Order For Lesbian Couple To Surrender Baby. The judge initially claimed the foster child would be better off with a heterosexual couple.
Gay Dad Takes On Parents Who Want To Keep 'LGBT' Out Of Sex Education. \Dignity. That\u2019s what you should be shouting about.\
Joel Grey, Edie Windsor Among Those Honored At OUT 100 Party In New York. Oh, what a night!
Protesters Confront Caitlyn Jenner. Protestors used the hashtag #IAintCait.
Washington State Man Jailed After Attacking Three Gay Seattle Men. Troy Deacon Burns said he was under the influence of drugs and alcohol at the time of the assault.
Utah Couple Ordered To Surrender Foster Child Because They're Gay. A judge claims the baby will be better off with a heterosexual couple.
Jesus Has Been Reimagined As A Trans Woman. ... And this play sounds fantastic!
New Details Surface In 1992 Murder Of Gay Sailor. More than 23 years after the brutal gay bashing murder of a U.S. Navy sailor stationed in Japan, new information about the
Logo's 'Beautiful As I Want To Be' Episode Three Premieres. The latest episode in Logo's new digital series elevating the stories of transgender and gender-nonconforming youth just
Dallas Takes Action To Protect Trans People From Discrimination. \We don\u2019t stand for discrimination in the city of Dallas.\
Trans Texans Share Emotional Responses On Rejection Of LGBT Discrimination Measure. Because it's not just about the bathrooms.
Here's What Cynthia Nixon Believes Is The 'AIDS Crisis Of This Generation'. \It's kind of a secret crisis that we've got to do much better at even acknowledging,\ she said.
RuPaul's DragCon To Hit Los Angeles May 7-8. \DragCon says, \u2018Welcome home, baby.\u2019\u201d
Rachel Maddow Has No Time For GOP Candidates Joining Anti-Gay Rally. Ted, Mike and Bobby -- consider yourselves burned.
Queer R&B Artist Russell Elliot Premieres Video For 'Around'. Russell Elliot wants to break down barriers in the music industry.
Here's How Depression Affects Gay And Lesbian Couples. Your weekly LGBT wellness round-up.
Lingerie Made For Queer People? Now There's A Boutique For That. \You are seen, and you matter.\
New Mormon Policy on LGBT. Just seven years after Prop 8, it's \d\u00e9j\u00e0 vu all over again.\ This time it feels self-mutilating. Instead of campaigning to impose unconstitutional public policies on the rest of the world -- a battle that we lost when the U.S. Supreme court upheld appellate court rulings supporting same sex marriage -- we seem to  be cutting off our proverbial nose to spite our face.
Who Would You Rather. Life often presents us with tough choices, but we\u2019re here to help work them out. Each week, we discuss two attractive men
2015 MIX Queer Experimental Film Festival Coming To NYC. \For better or worse, MIX is one of the last vestiges of the underground arts scene that is clearly dying -- especially in NYC.\
Trans Vet's T-Shirt Is Powerful Reality Check. \Every right, every privilege enjoyed by an American citizen is paid with the currency of soldiers' lives.\
A Nostalgic Look At Lesbian Identity In San Francisco. And other big queer news stories from the past week.
Pat Robertson Says God Will Hit U.S. With 'Financial Collapse' Because Of LGBT Rights. The televangelist's arguments are getting more and more anti-gay -- and predictable -- by the day.
Reform Jews Poised To Pass Transgender Resolution. \This is very much of a piece of what it means to be a Reform Jew.\
Seth Meyers Takes On Houston's Failed LGBT Nondiscrimination Ordinance. There is still so much work to be done.
This New Series Is Allowing Trans Youth To Define Beauty On Their Own Terms. A new digital series from LOGO is elevating the stories of trans and gender-nonconforming youth and encouraging them to define
Trans Women Ask Facebook. Nipples. We\u2019re all born with them, but only half of the population can show them off on a warm summer\u2019s day without people
Dad Defends Son's Cruella Halloween Costume From 'Small-Minded' Bigots. \u201cIt\u2019s very typical for people to assume that because he has two dads, that we somehow guided him in this direction.\
'McTucky Fried High' Launches Season Two Indiegogo Campaign. 'McTucky Fried High' needs your help to fund season two.
On Being Queer in the Caribbean. TALLAHASSEE, Fla. \u2014 \u201cLISTEN. Dead people never stop talking.\u201d So begins Marlon James\u2019s novel \u201cA Brief History of Seven Killings
Here's How These Two LGBT Cops Came To The Rescue And Forged A Family. The latest in the Let Love Define Family series.
Celebrate Five Years Of Experimental Queer Film With A Lost Riot Grrrl Gem. Dirty Looks is turning five years old.
Gay Dartmouth Athlete Is Running A Marathon For A Great Cause. One night last winter, as I lay in bed, unable to sleep, I decided to go for a walk around the pond north of campus. As I
Feds Order High School To Let Transgender Students Use Girls' Locker Room. Feds Make Watershed Decision For Transgender Rights
Beloved Brooklyn Queer Performance Showcase Celebrates Major Milestone. A community reflects three years later.
LGBT Elders Share Their Thoughts About Today's Queer Youth. \We still are fighting for those rights and have so much to do.\
Good News For Trans Youth On The Cusp Of Puberty. (Reuters Health) - Puberty can be one of the worst times in a transgender or gender-nonconforming child's life, but for these
Facebook May Soon Allow All People To Use Their Authentic Names. According to a letter from one of the company's higher-ups.
13 LGBT TV Characters Who Are Getting It Right. Yesterday, yet another study saying that things are not great for the portrayal and inclusion of LGBT characters on TV was
5 Ways to Prevent Eating Disorders In Queer Men. Some of the biggest LGBT wellness stories of the week.
This Is What We Can ALL Do To Help The Trans Community. We need more medical and health care providers to be \visibly welcoming.\
Andy Cohen Responds To Amber Rose's Question About Having Sex With Anderson Cooper. Cohen clears up the rumors.
A Letter to Myself About Becoming Me. You are an exceptional black gay man. It will take time to unlearn the self-hate and demeaning homophobic structures your church, community and family instilled in you, but when you finally do, you'll be such a better person.
Would You Rather. Life often presents us with tough choices, but we\u2019re here to help work them out. Each week, we discuss two attractive men
Why Are Trans People Left Out Of LGBT History So Often?. Trans people are starting to demand historical stories be more inclusive, Mara Keisling tells HuffPost Live.
Ireland Legalizes Same-Sex Marriage. The Republic of Ireland's same-sex marriage bill has been signed into law by the Presidential Commission. It became the first
Transgender Woman Comes Out To Her Mom With Dementia '100 Times A Year'. Mom gives the same incredible response each time.
Ryan Murphy Reveals The Heartbreaking Reason He's So 'Prolific'. Amazing.
Meet These Two Dads' Gorgeous Family And Discover Their Beautiful Bedtime Ritual. Hearts and souls brought together by the hand of God, by a stroke of fortune, or by a twist of fate -- it doesn\u2019t matter.
Sylvia Rivera Becomes First Trans American To Have Portrait In The Smithsonian. The newest addition to the Smithsonian\u2019s National Portrait Gallery is one for the history books. This week, the museum announced
Ballet Memphis Aims To Broaden The Conversation Around Dance In NYC. It's the company's first appearance in NYC in almost a decade.
50 Same-Sex Couples From 50 States Mark Marriage Equality In This Incredible Video. Talk about inspiring!
Yes, The Witch Community Loves The LGBTQ Community. \For the most part, the witch community and the LGBT community are very friendly toward one another.\
LGBT Wellness for October 24, 2015. Some of the biggest LGBT wellness stories of the week.
The Message Queer People Of Color Need To Hear About Relationships. And what one group is doing about it.
Here Are The Most Annoying Questions That People Ask Bisexuals. \Bisexuality is not what you do -- it's how you understand yourself.\
These Action Figures Have A Lot To Say About Gay Culture. \Instead of wasting your life wondering how you fit in, create a place where you do.\
How The Words 'I Dare You' Changed My Life Forever. It wasn't until his lips locked mine that I realized I enjoyed it, but that simple kiss led me down a path of self-deprecation for years. I was a Christian, and being gay was not an option.
The 13 Most Homoerotic Horror Movies Of All Time. Halloween is the perfect time of year to watch a horror movie. And if you can find a little gay\u00a0subtext in your slasher flick
A Trans Odyssey. Breaking free of assumed gender roles requires unfathomable sacrifice and courage. To capture that, what it is to be Trans, on stage -- is miraculous.
Hello, Adele... How Are You?. Adele, may I ask a question? Will you ever give us a solution to your break-ups, or do we have to wait until album 27? 32?
Meet One Beautiful LGBT Family Who Celebrates Halloween All Year. Adorable!
Why Writer-Performer Justin Sayre Hopes Gay Divorces Are Televised. \Could you imagine Judge Judy presiding over a gay divorce?\
Why LGBT People Should Care About This Straight Man's Sex Offender Case. And more queer stories from this week.
Ring In Halloween With This Rave-Based Queer Deconstruction Of Harry Potter. \It becomes apparent that the forces that frighten him are not outside of him, but rather a part of him.\
5 Transgender Men And Women Sound Off On The Hardships Of Transitioning. Transgender men and women have lived openly for decades in America. Most of them transitioned before it was remotely acceptable
Big News For Logo TV. The network continues to see gains.
Trans Actors And Hollywood Insiders Discuss the Complicated Reality Of Trans Casting. When Jeffrey Tambor, star of Amazon's Transparent, accepted an Emmy for his role as Maura in the critically acclaimed series
5 Accidentally Transphobic Phrases Allies Use -- And What To Say Instead. Words can be tricky \u2014 especially when you're an ally. As transgender lives and experiences increasingly come into the public
Was 'Milk' Good For The Gays?. If you\u2019re going to make a movie about queer people, you\u2019re likely going to get a divisive response. Does it reinforce negative
Gay Activist. Activist David Drake paints a chilling picture of the epidemic.
FABRICATIONS. An examination of how the fashion world intersects with queerness and evolving mainstream conceptions of gender.
Here's How Matthew Shepard's Tragic Death Changed U.S. Politics. Matthew Shepard was a \Jesus Christ figure,\ activist David Drake said.
Pat Robertson Applauds Man Who Barred Grandson's Boyfriend From Thanksgiving Dinner. He likened the request to someone inviting a stripper for the holidays.
Black Trans Woman Fatally Shot In Head In Suspected Hate Crime. Zella Ziona is the 21st trans woman reported killed this year.
The Huffington Post Is Hiring A Personal Stories Editor For The Voices Department. Follow the instructions below to apply.
This Oscar Campaign For Trans Actresses Is First-Ever In Hollywood History. And other big queer news stories from the past week.
Valerie Jarrett Doesn't Think America Would Embrace An Anti-Gay President. GOP candidates, consider yourself burned.
You've Never Seen A 'Cinderella' Quite Like This Before. The Company XIV version features a gender-bending stepmother and chorus boys galore.
Why A School's Transgender Locker Room Ban Could Cause 'Lifelong Injury'. A suburban Chicago school's battle heats up.
TSA Will No Longer Call Trans Travelers' Body Parts 'Anomalies'. It's a start.
A Deaf-Hearing, Interracial Lesbian Couple Gets Real About The Issues That Affect Their Marriage. If waiting up all night for Rae Rae to come home from the club has been the biggest obstacle in your relationship, consider
Michael Sam And Vito Cammisano Are Proud To 'Go Purple' For Spirit Day. Because no young person should ever \feel like they can't be comfortable being who they are.\
Olympic Hopeful Comes Out Of The Closet. Race walker Tom Bosworth competed for Great Britain at the World Athletics Championships, is set to feature at the Rio Olympics
Greater Transgender Visibility Hasn't Necessarily Helped Nonbinary People. I often walk around the city wearing a beard and a skirt. This is when I\u2019m most myself, but it\u2019s also when I\u2019m most afraid
Arkansas Church Kicks Out Young Gay Man For \u2018Choosing A Sinful Lifestyle\u2019. \We will continue to pray for you and your family.\
The Story You Don't Know About The Women Who Helped Overturn DOMA. Roberta Kaplan says her journey to the Supreme Court with Edie Windsor was surprisingly spiritual.
Rapper Mykki Blanco Opens Up About Coming Out As HIV-Positive. Mykki Blanco is a rapper and performance artist who is known to his thousands of fans as a gender-bending rebel, someone
Man Faces Murder Charge in Killing of Philadelphia Transgender Woman. A Philadelphia man with a history of violence stands accused of killing a transgender woman last week. A tip to homicide
Trans Activist On Keisha Jenkins Murder. Cherno Biko breaks down in tears as she describes the loss of her friend.
'Bring Your Own Body' Exhibit At Cooper Union Showcases Transgender Artists. On display in New York City through Nov. 14
Gay U.S. Ambassador Marries In Denmark. \In the land that created fairy tales, we just started our own.\
A Gay Dad Sounds Off On Why Mike Huckabee Is Choking On Those Rainbow Doritos. \Eat your own chips.\
Andy Cohen And His Parents Share His Coming Out Story. Ev Cohen reveals she had to \mourn\ her expectations for her son's future before accepting his sexuality.
'Family Group' Is Fuming Over The Campbell's Soup Ad With Gay Dads. \They should not be highlighting who is attracted to whom or who sleeps with whom.\
Here's How Even A Drop of Queer Identity Increases Victimization. Out weekly LGBT wellness round-up.
Brandon Voss And 'Drag Race' Queens Come Together For Halloween 2015 Two-Night Event. As if Halloween isn't scary enough already.
A Powerful Poem About What It Feels Like To Be Transgender. \I was the mystery of an anatomy, a question asked but not answered,\ says poet Lee Mokobe, a TED Fellow, in this gripping
Queer Icon Kate Bornstein Reflects On Queer And Trans Identity In 2015. \Trans is not mean to anybody. Queering up your sexuality isn\u2019t mean to anybody.\
'Heather Has Two Mommies' Author On The Struggle To Publish Gay Books. Lesl\u00e9a Newman recalled stories of her groundbreaking book being stolen and defecated on.
Why I'm Stonewalling 'Stonewall'. Stonewall, a film about a young gay man from Kansas set amid the Stonewall riots has been bombing at the box office. I didn't go see it. I also wouldn't watch a movie about the Montgomery bus boycotts that centered on a fictionalized white woman.
NeNe Leakes Talks Trump, 'Loving The Gays,' And Blood Clots. \Donald's doing a great job... and he knows how to work that press.\
How Much Does Hillary Really Care About LGBT Equality?. And other big LGBT news stories from the past week.
Broadway's Sierra Boggess On Bringing The 'Soundtrack Of Her Life' To The Stage. The singer-actress will perform alongside Julian Ovenden at Carnegie Hall.
Man Shows How To Get The Kim Davis Look In Unbelievable Makeup Tutorial. Just in time for Halloween.
Here's Why These Mizzou Athletes Will 'Go Purple' For Spirit Day. A tiny gesture can make a BIG impact.
'An Act of Love' Tells Story Of United Methodist Minister Frank Schaefer. In late 2013, Frank Schaefer, a United Methodist minister, was\u00a0defrocked after he performed a same-sex wedding for his son
How I Got Trans Rights On Bernie Sanders' Radar. And You Should, Too.. All I wanted for my birthday this year was two golden tickets, Bernie Sanders was hosting a \u201cMeet & Greet\u201d in NYC. Since
'Perfect Arrangement' Finds Comedy In A 'Scary' Time For LGBT People. Because \everybody knows what it's like to have a secret.\
Inside The Life Of One Of YouTube's Most Recognizable Queer Families. #TeamTwoMoms
For His New Video, Cabaret Star Kim David Smith Bares Body And Soul. The Aussie singer strips down for \Shooting Star.\
Tennessee County May Ask God To Spare Them And Smite Someone Else. \We adopt this Resolution before God that He pass us by in His Coming Wrath and not destroy our County as He did Sodom and Gomorrah.\
'Transparent' Co-Producer On Why The Show Prioritizes Hiring Transgender People. \The future of transgender representation is really to build inroads for trans people in the media to become authors of their own stories.\
I Am A Trans Woman. Will Facebook Censor My Breasts?. I\u2019m going to make this awkward for both of us
AYER Releases 'Shotgun 2 My Heart' Video. Queer electropop artist AYER debuted his newest video this week for an infectious track called \Shotgun 2 My Heart.\ We last
One Year Later, Gay Teen Reflects On Family's Horrifyingly Violent Reaction To Coming Out. \I feel like I saw this on the news about someone else.\
My Transgender Life. There were the good days, the great days of being dad, when nothing else in the world mattered at all -- not the future, not my career, not my underlying dysphoria. There were days when there was the feeling of being trapped, and I wondered whether happiness for me was an illusion that would never see the light of day.
Meet The Newlywed Who Had Indiana's Anti-Gay Pizzeria Cater His Wedding. Well, this is fun.
CeCe McDonald Reflects On Life And Activism Since Her Release From Prison. \The work isn\u2019t done until it\u2019s done.\
Here's What It's Like To Be A Trans Man Advocating For LGBT Youth In The South. The latest installment in our 'Let Love Define Family' Series
Should We Cut Azealia Banks Slack For Using A Gay Slur?. And other big LGBT news stories from the past week.
Laverne Cox Says We Can't Help Transgender People If We Don't Even Count Them. When Laverne Cox graced the cover of TIME magazine in 2014, the cover proclaimed that the United States was at a \u201ctransgender
Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback Believes Same-Sex Marriage, Like Abortion, Will Be Rolled Back. The fight is \not over,\ he says.
Tom Daley And Dustin Lance Black Pick Adorably Old-Fashioned Way To Announce Engagement. Too cute.
Kindergartener Allegedly Barred From School Because She Has Two Moms. Her parents say they are now planning to file a civil rights lawsuit against the school.
Is This Man Acting Unethically If He Doesn't Tell His Girlfriend He Dated Men?. \He says that it was just a phase and he doesn't think he needs to tell her. I think he has to tell her. Who's right?\
Rick Santorum Wrongly Predicted Pope Francis Would Majorly Focus On Same-Sex Marriage. \u201cI suspect he\u2019s going talk a lot about this subject,\u201d the presidential candidate said regarding a subject the pope spoke little about on his U.S. trip.
Judith Light Reacts To 'Who's The Boss?' Son Danny Pintauro's Big News. The \Transparent\ star said she was so \so proud\ of Pintauro, who recently revealed that he is HIV-positive.
Whoops! Pizzeria That Refused To Cater Gay Weddings Just Catered A Gay Wedding. Joke's on them.
What Happened When This Gay YouTube Star Confronted His Bully. Riyadh K says he wants to be the \guinea pig\ for all bullying victims.
Here's Why GLAAD Wants You To Go Purple Again For Spirit Day. Because sometimes the smallest thing can mean the world.
10 Queer Films That Will Teach You More LGBT History Than 'Stonewall'. Though the first big-budget film about the 1969 Stonewall riots has finally reached theaters, it's becoming increasingly
'Proud Father Of A Bisexual Son' By Roland Glenn (EXCERPT). Absolutely gorgeous.
Michael Sam Believes He'd Be In The NFL Now If He Hadn't Come Out. \I wanted to be the one to tell my own story. I didn't want someone to tell it for me,\ he said.
Here's Why A Gay Dad Is Inviting Pope Francis To Dinner. \There is nothing you could say to me that would dissuade me from knowing that my sons and I were meant to be together.\
Artist @PlaceUnknown Uses Instagram To Explore Gay Men And Social Media. \Illusion is the first of all pleasures.\
To Win This Video Game You Must Scrub Down Men In A Locker Room Shower (NSFW). An experiment in virtual sex, consent and kink.
LGB People Expect To Wind Up In A Nursing Home More Than Non-LGB People. And other big LGBT wellness stories from the past week.
Before Caitlin, This Athlete Was Fired For Being Transgender. The company thought it would be bad PR to keep her.
ReThink Review. While I sympathize with those calling for a boycott of Stonewall, I personally don't support a boycott. However, I don't think ANYONE should see Stonewall. Not because of its politics or revisionism, but because Stonewall is a terrible movie. Like really, really terrible.
That Time Azealia Banks Threw A Homophobic Tantrum. And other big LGBT news stories from the past week.
Mike Huckabee Is Having A Meltdown About Those New Rainbow Doritos. The GOP presidential hopeful is calling for Frito-Lay to \sever ties with hate groups\ like the It Gets Better Project.
Kim Davis' Gay Friend Speaks Out. Dallas Black blasted the Kentucky clerk for making their hometown seem like a \backwoods\ laughingstock.
Kim Davis Says If She Had A Gay Kid She Wouldn't Write Them A Marriage License. Shocker.
Get A Sneak Peek At Off-Broadway's Hot New Musical With This Soaring Video. Composers Matt Gould and Griffin Matthews, who are a real-life couple, teamed up for \Invisible Thread.\
Woman Who Spent 2 Months In Solitary Confinement For Being Transgender Scores Legal Victory. \To the other transgender and intersex women behind bars, don't give up. There is hope out there for us.\
'Stonewall' Treats Trans People Like Inspirational Sidekicks. Roland Emmerich\u2019s Stonewall, however unwittingly, perfectly symbolizes how the mainstream gay rights movement has treated
BLgT USA Local Food Heroes. The first 50-state food tour for equality is winding down.
'Just Another Lingering Flu' By Dr. David Lourea (Excerpt). \How can G_d allow this to be happening? Why?\
Nick Jonas 'Honored' To Play Gay Character On 'Scream Queens'. The \Scream Queens\ cast may be stacked with stars, but Nick Jonas stands out playing gay frat brother Boone.\u00a0 \Boone is
'Stonewall' Director Says He Chose A 'Straight-Acting' Character To Appeal To Straight Audiences. \ud83d\ude12
LGBT Activists Plan For Next Battle. A new training program is equipping leaders to fight for broad laws banning LGBT discrimination.
50-State Food Tour For Equality Shines A Light On Some Of Its Heroes. WE
Here's What Kim Davis' Country Music Career Could Look Like. Get ready for hits like \Apoplectic Appalachian Apostolic\ and \Establish My Religion All Over You.\
Kim Davis Denied Her Own Gay Friends A Marriage License. \u201cI can't put my name on a license that doesn't represent what God ordained marriage to be.\
'Brothers' Web Series Launches Kickstarter Campaign For Second Season. \There are still so few stories being told from our own perspectives.\
AIDS Drug Goes From $13.50 A Tablet To $750 Overnight. Specialists in infectious disease are protesting a gigantic overnight increase in the price of a 62-year-old drug that is
BLgT USA Reflects On Their National Tour For LGBT Equality. 49 states in, their tour is reaching its end.
Here's What It's Like To Be Somebody Who Hates Everyone And Everything. Hint
Meet London's Female Drag Queens. Drag has been a gay man's art for decades, but women can be queens, too. While they've traditionally the subject of imitation
Meet Silas Howard, The First Trans Director Hired On Amazon's 'Transparent'. Howard said he's \blown away\ by Jeffrey Tambour's performance in \Transparent.\
'Every Breath We Drew' Photo Book Explores Identity, Desire And Connection. \I am interested in a version of masculinity that is more expansive, and more vulnerable, than the kind often represented in mainstream culture.\
Jack Pierson Releases Third Installment Of 'Tomorrow's Man' (NSFW). Photographer and artist Jack Pierson's newest book is now available -- the third volume in his ongoing series\u00a0Tomorrow's
A Gay Dad Sounds Off On Kim Davis And The New 'American Martyrs'. Kim Davis is on her way to martyrdom. Sent to jail, in jail, out of jail. She and her supporters have cast her as \u201cRosa Parks
Golden Girls. Whether I knew it or not, who I was becoming as a young gay man of color, was keeping time with how these four women were becoming who they were.
My Experience of Coming Out in Kentucky.... My wife Megan and I live our lives out and proud on the internet as a married lesbian couple. However, life was not always this way for me. I came out when I was 15 years old in a very small conservative town in Kentucky. It was one of the hardest things I ever did, but one of the best decisions I ever made.
Meet The CEO Of One Of The Most Iconic Gay Clubs In America. And other big stories from this week's Queerview.
Seasonal Queer Coming-Of-Consciousness Party 'Psychic Summer' To Hit Brooklyn Again. \We don\u2019t impose rules on people -- the vibe is to do your own thing and strengthen autonomous space.\
Alabama Judge Nick Williams Could Be The Next Kim Davis. Here we go again.
This Couple Sold Everything They Owned And Moved 3,000 Miles To Create A Family. They really could not be a more typical \u201cAll-American\u201d family, yet their journey to becoming a family was anything but typical.
Inside New York's First Transgender Modeling Agency. Peche Di, a Thai beauty queen who studied at New York University, spent five years booking occasional modeling gigs and looking
'First Person' Talks With Legendary Fire Island DJ Lina Bradford. As if you weren't missing Fire Island enough already...
Tim Cook Tells Stephen Colbert The Real Reason He Came Out As Gay. \I needed to do something.\
Queer New York International Arts Festival Running Sept. 16-26, 2015. \Visitors of the festival can expect innovative and experimental theater, dance, and performance art as well as challenging perspectives on queer issues and different norms.\
The Eastern European Gay Rights Movement Is Struggling to Be More Than a Western Cause. When he was three years old, Daniel Timofeev started draping himself in his mother's scarves and dancing around his bedroom
Here's Why G.O.P. Anti-Gay Bigotry Threatens The First Amendment. This past June, in the heat of their outrage over gay rights, congressional Republicans revived a nasty bit of business they
Kim Davis Couldn't Stop Her Office From Giving This Couple A Marriage License. \It's a big moment for us, personally, and so, we're just really happy.\
The Latest Episode Of Your Favorite Queer Web Series, 'Not Looking,' Is Here. \u201cFame is a misshapen beast of a woman who wears heavy clogs and stomps on your dreams.\u201d
Here's Why Kristen Stewart Feels 'Really Bad' For Kim Davis. \'Oh, buddy, that must suck.'\
Are We Putting Too Much Pressure On Caitlyn Jenner?. The editor-in-chief of AfterEllen discusses with HuffPost Live.
This Transgender Artist Is 'Not A Boy, Not A Girl'. \Every day we undergo transformations in our lives.\
Video Captures That Horrible Feeling Of Waiting For A Text From That Certain Person. You know who it is.
Why I Want You to Stare at Me as a Man With Disabilities. It's like a trance has been broken, and they all of a sudden remembered that looking at that guy in the chair is \wrong.\ That by looking at me in that way, they have somehow deviated from the cultural norms that my disability defies. What if I told you I want you to stare at me? What if I told you that in these spaces, I long to be stared at?
New Study Finds Abnormal Eating Differs By Sexual Orientation. And other big LGBT news stories from the past week.
Was The Movie 'The Hours' Good For The Gay Community?. If you\u2019re going to make a movie about queer people, you\u2019re likely going to get a divisive response. Does it reinforce negative
If This Anti-Gay Pundit Gets His Way, You'll Start Using The Word 'Garriage'. The Family Research Council's Pat Fagan wants the U.S. to adopt new language for same-sex marriages.
Could There Be Cities Just For Anti-Gay People In Our Future?. Bye Felicia.
Transgender Inmates To Be Integrated According To Identity In San Francisco. It's an unprecedented move, but the new policy was immediately criticized.
Anti-Government Group Threatens To Step In To Keep Kim Davis Out Of Jail. The Oath Keepers believe Davis was illegally detained.
Boss Who Asked Transgender Woman 'What Are You?' Agrees To Significant Settlement. \They saw the writing on the wall.\
Here's Where You Can See The Largest Queer Fashion Show During NYFW. \Recognizing that queer style is not fully represented by masculinity or the dandy trend, we wanted to include a broader, more diverse range of queer identities and styles on the runway for New York Fashion Week.\
Survivor Frontman Says Kim Davis Can't Use 'Eye Of The Tiger'. Let's call this a knockout.
Kim Davis' Lawyer Says Forcing Clerk To Do Job Is Like Making Her 'Grant A License To Sodomize Children'. \They're licensing... something that is directly contrary to the core of their religious convictions.\
Activists Say Police Abuse of Transgender People Persists Despite Reforms. New Year\u2019s revelers clamored outside the window of Shagasyia Diamond\u2019s apartment in the Bronx the day she was arrested. Newly
Are You Ready For The Biggest Living Festival Of Drag, Music And Love?. \Creating space outside of the four walls of a club or a bar -- that would be rewarding.\
Ellen DeGeneres Responds To Caitlyn Jenner's Comments About Marriage Equality. \I want her to be happy -- which is what I want for her [to want] for me.\
Here's Why Even The Westboro Baptist Church Doesn't Support Kim Davis. In a bizarre twist, the anti-gay church actually blames Davis for the same-sex marriages she opposes.
14 Queer People Get Candid About Day-To-Day Life In College. \You're essentially coming out every semester.\
Here's Why HIV-Positive Queer May Be More Likely To Smoke. And other big LGBT wellness stories from the past week.
LGBT People Reveal The ONE Thing They Wish They'd Known Before Coming Out. Our readers share their unique experiences.
Here's Why Madonna's Gay Brother Is Defending Kentucky Clerk Kim Davis. \Once again, the gay community feels the need to be sore winners,\ he writes.
Hundreds Gather To Support Kim Davis. \Pray that America repents of the sin of celebrating sexual perversion and imprisoning Christian dissidents.\
The Inspirational Friendship That Helped This Young Gay Kid Be Out And Proud. I got to watch him become more and more confident in his own skin over time,\ former lacrosse player Andrew Goldstein said.
How One Athlete Is Pushing The Sports World Beyond \u2018Men\u2019 And \u2018Women\u2019. \We police gender so heavily in athletics.\
The Life Of Out, Proud Disco Legend Sylvester Comes Back To The Stage. Kendrell Bowman and Anthony Wayne are aiming for Broadway with \Mighty Real.\
Kim Davis' Attorney Compares Her To Jews Living In Nazi Germany, Invokes Images Of Gas Chambers. \This is the new persecution of Christians here in this country.\
Kentucky Clerk Kim Davis Is No Rosa Parks. She's The Bus Driver.. Christian conservatives' claim that her civil rights are being violated is exactly backwards.
Republican Supporter of Kim Davis Contradicts His Own Stance. Presidential aspirant Bobby Jindal has come out in support of homophobic Kentucky Clerk Kim Davis, but his support for her contradicts his own language from just a few years ago.
The Taboo Reality Of Being Black And Bisexual For This Man. And other big LGBT stories from the past week.
The 'Well-Strung' Hunks Play 'Royals' Like You've Never Heard It Before. The singing string quartet puts a classical spin on Lorde's smash.
Love Wins For Kentucky Gay Couple, Who Finally Receive Marriage License. It was the sixth time James Yates and William Smith Jr. had applied to wed.
Exactly Zero Men On PrEP Contract HIV In 2.5-Year Study. After two and a half years of trials, a new study has found no new HIV infections among a group of people on pre-exposure
Missouri Teenagers Protest a Transgender Student\u2019s Use of the Girls\u2019 Bathroom. A transgender high school student in Missouri is facing backlash from her peers after requesting to use the girls\u2019 bathrooms
Protesters Say Raid On Rentboy Escort Site Puts People At Risk. But then, sex workers are \terrorized every day\ by law enforcement.
Great New York State Fair Celebrates First-Ever LGBT Pride In Style. A rainbow flag and Melissa Etheridge made this historic event one to remember.
A Message To Kentucky Clerk Kim Davis. Literally, throw the ensemble away.
Despite Rainbow Flag Thefts, This Church Is Still Devoted To The LGBT Community. \One of the things that we refuse to whisper is that we are a deliberately welcoming, inclusive place of worship.\
Transgender Teens Speak To Themselves 10 Years From Now. With the transgender conversation taking center stage in American culture, Mashable set out to talk to real teens to see
Ellen Page, Julianne Moore Say Their New Gay Rights Film Had A Personal Impact. The stars believe the message of \Freeheld\ is perfect for the era of marriage equality.
Clerk Who Refuses To Marry LGBT Couples Performed Trans Man's Marriage. \She saw just a straight couple in love, and she should see everybody like that.\
Gay Dad Sounds Off On Kentucky Clerk's Refusal To Issue Gay Marriage Licenses. \Your demand that the terms of your job adhere to your own standards rather than the objective standards of law reminds me of how my 12-year-old son would like rules applied.\
Here's What Happened When Grindr Users Opened Up About Depression. And other LGBT wellness stories from the past week.
Finally, Toys That Truly Reflect The Diversity Of Families. The future is now.
Acclaimed LGBT Web Series 'Eastsiders' Returning For A Second Season. And we couldn't be more excited.
WATCH. Even the rich and famous experience all of the confusion, joy and anxiety of coming out. These are their stories.
As Much As I Can, As Black As I Am. Grace Jones is perched on a ledge above the dancefloor of New York\u2019s 12 West, the state-of-the-art, members-only gay disco
Mickey Mouse Just Got One Hot, Gay Makeover. Yes please!
Here's Why I've Been Married 8 Times. I wanted to be recognized, psychologically, morally and legally, for being a member of a married couple -- though it took a few tries to get it right.
How One Lesbian Power Couple Is Raising Up a Baby Boy and a Killer Food Festival. \I've adjusted my outlook on work. I still love it, but it can't be the only thing in my life.\
Gender-Neutral Title 'Mx' Added to Oxford English Dictionary. The Oxford English Dictionary announced today that the title Mx (a gender neutral form of Mr., Ms., Mrs., or Miss) has been
Transgender Widow Shares Heartbreaking Story Of Losing Husband At 24. & other big queer news stories from the past week.
How Two Women Fell In Love And Created Safer Spaces For LGBT Youth. While volunteering at a homeless shelter for women and children, Candice and Jaci witnessed things that motivated them to
Rallying For The Black Trans Women Killed In America. In 2015, a\u00a0reported 18 black trans women have been murdered in America. Just 12\u00a0transgenderwomen of any race were killed
Caitlyn Jenner Explains How She Wants A Guy To Treat Her. \You don't need a man to make you a woman.\
Forget 'Looking' -- One Of Our Favorite Queer Web Series Is Back. And this season is going to be HUGE.
More Transgender Actors Are Wanted, But Will Hollywood Listen?. But casting directors say they don't know where to find them.
This Kentucky Clerk Vows To Die For The Right To Oppose Gay Marriage. Casey Davis promises to defy the Supreme Court's ruling, even if it costs him his life.
Here's How A New Off-Broadway Show Is Opening Minds About LGBT Youth. The Trevor Project's co-founder brings the story of a gay teen's disappearance to the New York stage.
Duke Students Refuse To Read 'Fun Home' Over Gay Themes, Nudity. New York Times best-seller could \compromise\ their beliefs. Huh?
'Kimmy Schmidt' Star Tituss Burgess Follows Up 'Peeno Noir' With Ode To Multicultural Penis. \Ros\u00e9? Okayyyy.\
Couple Who Helped Win Marriage Equality Finally Ties The Knot. And it was absolutely beautiful.
When A Newborn's Sex Is In Question, Why Do Doctors Get To Decide?. Pam Crawford first saw M.C. nine years ago, on an adoption website for kids with special needs. The photo showed a toddler
Swiping Right On A Hottie? Hold On A Second. ...& other big LGBT wellness stories from the past week.
Here's What Happens When Gay Guys Get Rejected (You'll Laugh, We Promise). We've all been there, girl.
25 LGBT-Friendly Universities And Colleges, According To Campus Pride. This year, the list has been updated to reflect an emphasis on transgender and gender non-conforming students.
Back To School Tips For Parents Of LGBTQ Kids. \Everyone must be on the same page for your child to feel safe and comfortable to tackle a new school year.\
This Artist Is Using 'Artivism' To Break Down Queer Stigma And Stereotypes. \Mockery is perhaps the most institutionalized form violence that ever existed.\
Sweet Cakes By Melissa Sends Passive-Aggressive Treats To LGBT Groups. The cakes say \We really do love you!\ and come packaged with a Christian film.
Why Millennials Have Such A Different Attitude Toward Sexual Identity. LGBTQIAAPDA...and the list continues.
The Loud Silence When Trans Women of Color Are Killed. Eyricka Morgan, 26, was a black transgender woman. She was a student at Rutgers University in New Jersey. She was an activist
Meet The Amazing Woman Who Created Her Family Of 7 Sons Through Adoption. In a few months from now, as temperatures fall and skies turn grey, many of us will recall memories of these summer months
Remembering The Trans Women We've Lost In 2015. Violence against trans women has increased in 2015. HuffPost Live mourns  those who have passed.
'Looking' Director Believes 'Fear' Prompted Gay HBO Show's Demise. \u201cIt is frustrating when you create characters, whose stories you are trying to tell, and you come up against all of this anger and hatred.\u201d
Model's $25 Million Estate In Limbo Since She Could Never Wed Her Partner. NEW YORK CITY \u2014 The $25 million estate of a late lesbian model and actress may languish in permanent limbo, collecting dust
This Gay Man Was 'Humiliated' And 'Degraded' Trying To Get Married In Texas. A Texas county clerk refused to give Jim Cato a marriage license, saying it was against her religious beliefs.
Kansas City Woman's Death Is 17th Reported Transgender Murder This Year. A transgender woman was found dead early on Saturday morning after being run over by a black SUV in a parking lot behind
Justin Vivian Bond Opens Up To Steve Buscemi About Pronouns And Titles. The stories behind \Mx\ and \v.\
Jane Lynch Covers 'Anaconda' -- Yes, Really!. Going full-on Nicki Minaj, the \Glee\ star proves herself to be a witty stage presence.
One Direction Star Responds To Claims He's Homophobic. \I'm just here to make people smile.\
This Man Turned 100s Of Death Threats Against Caitlyn Jenner Into Something Beautiful. ...and it's absolutely stunning.
Conservative Christians Are Still Fighting Gay Marriage, But It's An Uphill Battle Against The Courts. A recent string of losses doesn't bode well for the religious campaign.
This Exhibit Is Made With The Blood Of Queer Men \u2014 Blood The FDA Refuses To Take. \For me, the sculpture is a work in progress; it will never be finished until the FDA\u2019s blood donation policy is fair for all people.\
7 Ways the Gay Community Is Failing Youth On HIV. And other LGBT wellness stories from the past week.
With 'Cakeboy,' Writer Sean Santiago Creates A New Space For Queer Media. Say hello to a new zine that discusses \masculinity, community and identity through fashion, art, design and culture.\
A Legendary Drag Festival Just Sailed Around Manhattan -- And It Was Everything. In the narrative of drag history and queer performance, the legacy of Wigstock is major. The legendary, once annual New York
Despite Controversy, Zachary Quinto Still Wants To Be Part Of The Gay 'Conversation'. Why pushback won't silence this stage and screen talent.
Donald Trump Doesn't Want You Fired For Being Gay, But Don't Expect Him To Back Marriage Equality. \I live in New York. New York is a place with lots of gays,\ he says.
Can This Man Tell The Difference Between A Kiss From A Woman And A Kiss From A Man?. Can a straight man tell the difference between a kiss from a woman and a man? Popular YouTube vlogger Davey Wavey investigated
Was The Movie 'My Own Private Idaho' Good For The Gay Community?. If you\u2019re going to make a movie about queer people, you\u2019re likely going to get a divisive response. Does it reinforce negative
13 Vloggers Who Perfected The Art Of Coming Out On YouTube. Because social media is definitely here to stay.
5 Over-The-Top Gay Honeymoon Getaways. Get hitched at City Hall, and save your hard-earned queer money for the honeymoon. Here are ManAboutWorld\u2019s top five over
Hilarious Stonewall Trailer Parody Takes Film To Task Over 'Whitewashing' Controversy. One of our favorite forms of critique is through comedy -- and this parody video does a perfect job of it. Recently the lesbian
Domenico Dolce Apologizes For Anti-IVF, Anti-Gay Adoption Remarks. \I don't know everything about IVF, but I love it when people are happy.\
Guy Impersonates Target On Facebook, Hilarious Trolling Ensues. Why hasn't anybody done this before?
Joshua Warr Promises A 'Fun, Bold, Emotional Roller Coaster Ride' Of A Show. The actor-singer teases his upcoming performance with a clever take on Jason Mraz.
How Frat Hazing Inspired A Book About Sex Between Straight Guys. \Not Gay\ author Jane Ward investigates flexible heterosexuality.
How One Man's Dead Grandmother Introduced Him To The Loves Of His Life. \I really feel my grandmother brought us together...\
What's Behind The Rising HIV Rates In Young Gay Men?. And other big LGBT news stories from the past week.
This Bonkers Taiwanese Take On Colorado's Gay Cake Controversy Is A Must-See. What a way to take a sticky situation and make it sweeter!
Murder Of Trans Woman In Dallas Marks 13th Trans Homicide in 2015. A 22-year-old woman\u00a0found dead\u00a0last month in Dallas is the 13th transgender person murdered\u00a0in\u00a0the US this year, eclipsing
Patrick Stewart. \The world is becoming increasingly a more fair, a more truly democratic place to live.\
'OITNB' Star Uzo Aduba On Whether Or Not She'll Have A Same-Sex Love Scene. Things heated up for\u00a0Suzanne \Crazy Eyes\ Warren on the third season of \Orange is the New Black,\ with a new, prospective
New York Man Arrested In Attack On Gay West Point Couple. NEW YORK (AP) \u2014 Police say a New York City man has been arrested in connection with a bias attack in lower Manhattan against
Sam Smith Schools Homophobic Instagram User With Awesome Caption. The Grammy winner wanted to show how anti-gay sentiment is still \so present\ in the world.
BLgT USA Reflects On Its 50-State LGBTQ Equality Food Tour. Beyond sponsoring our Minneapolis event, Target donated Fuji film (for other events) and gift cards for our tour. These are
Stonewall Riot Veterans Address New Film's Controversial Trailer. \They\u2019re burying us in the ground so when they step off of us, there\u2019s no proof that we were even there.\u201d
Why Isn\u2019t Revolutionary HIV Medication PrEP Getting to Sex Workers?. On a crisp day in the fall of 2013, Casper,* a slender white queer man prone to wearing a slick of plum-red lipstick, visited
Would You Rather Hook Up With. Life often presents us with tough choices, but we\u2019re here to help work them out. Each week, we discuss two attractive men
Can You Guess Which Of These 5 Women Is A Lesbian Based On Just Their Voices?. \I do not look like Justin Bieber.\
Transgender Inmate Will Likely Get Parole Instead Of Court-Ordered Surgery. The decision makes it less likely that the 51-year-old will be able to have surgery funded by the prison before she is released.
These Photos Show The Beautifully Unique Ways These People Express Their Gender. \We wanted to explore the diversity of identity and human experience, not theoretically and not academically, but intimately.\
Ugandans Celebrate Gay Pride, But Stigma Tempers Joy. ENTEBBE, Uganda (Reuters) - Several dozen Ugandans marked Gay Pride on Saturday, cheering that such a parade could go ahead
Are You A Femme Queer Woman? Looking For Love? There's An App For That. We all know dating in the queer community can be tough.
Trans People Confront Myths They Hear About Themselves Head On. \I'm trans, but I'm not confused.\
Here's How The HPV Vaccine Can Help Cut The Risk Of Cancer In Gay Men. Each week HuffPost Gay Voices, in a partnership with blogger Scout, LGBT HealthLink and researcher Susana Fajardo, brings
Here's How Two Women Changed The Lives Of LGBT Families In Alabama Forever. In towns large and small all across our country, there are parents that RaiseAChild.US\u00a0considers to be true heros. Such is
How Jerusalem Is Coping With The Tragic Death At Pride. And other big LGBT news stories from the past week.
Texas Bakery Kicks Off 'Welcome Everyone' Campaign To Combat Homophobia. Because even a small step can have a big impact!
Queer Rock Camp Is About More Than Music. It's About Identity.. 16 campers. 5 days. 1 awesome message.
Meet Linda Simpson, The Accidental Historian Of Drag Queens. Long before \u201cRuPaul\u2019s Drag Race\u201d made cross-dressing a televised form of mainstream entertainment, there was the drag boom
The Hunky Stars Of 'Well-Strung' Put A New Twist On A Taylor Swift Smash. We can't help but love this \Blank Space\ redux.
How My Trans Son Found The Language To Tell Me Who He Really Is. Author Terri Cook explains the power of words in owning an LGBT identity.
Uh Oh! Republican Warns That People May Soon Be Marrying Their Lawnmowers. He also says law now requires only \one human\ for marriage.
Here's Why Students At Gay-Friendly Colleges Are Smarter. Gay-friendly colleges admit students with higher SAT scores\u00a0than schools that are the least\u00a0tolerant of\u00a0gay people, according
Transgender Singer Accuses 'American Idol' Of Seeking To Exploit His Identity. A 21-year-old musician says he has turned down repeated invitations to reaudition for the reality TV show American Idol because
Anti-Gay Attacker Is No Match For West Point Couple. The men were the first same-sex couple to get married in the school's chapel.
Christian Couple Plans To Spread A Huge (And Very Un-Christian) Project Across The U.S.. Two years after they rejected a same-sex couple from their wedding venue, Richard and Betty Odgaard are back.
How Cake Became The Favorite Mode For Debate Over LGBT Rights, Other Issues. NEW YORK (AP) \u2014 It should be a piece of cake. Customer comes in, asks for a cake with a specific design or for a particular
For 'Back On Board,' Greg Louganis Looks Back On His Legacy, LGBT Rights. An amazing sign of progress on LGBT rights \u2014 and an example of how the entrenched homophobia in corporate America of years
Teen Lesbian Couple Attacked In Alleged Hate Crime At Six Flags New England. AGAWAM -- Two women were arrested Wednesday after allegedly attacking and injuring a lesbian couple they observed kissing
The Biggest LGBT Wellness Stories Of The Week. Trans Communities Have More Cancer Breaking
Suspect Arrested In Murder Of Transgender Woman India Clarke. She was found dead in a park. The suspect's DNA was everywhere.
Meet Janae Marie Kroc, Recently Out Transgender World Record Bodybuilder. \My story isn\u2019t about being a man or a woman or being masculine or feminine. It is about being who you are and being comfortable and happy inside your own skin.\
Queerview. Sex-Sex Couple At Center Of Wedding Cake Controversy Speaks Out The same-sex couple at the center of the LGBT wedding cake
Anti-Gay Oregon Baker Believes Churches Will Be Forced To Fly The Rainbow Flag. It's the controversy that never ends.
Taylor Mac Tackles The History Of American Pop In Brooklyn. The gender-skewing star promises a dazzling, unconventional night of song and dance.
Justin Sayre Of 'The Meeting' Skewers Planned Gay Boycott Of Fire Island. In his latest clip for HuffPost Gay Voices, writer-performer Justin Sayre\u00a0tackles the controversy that ensued after two gay
A Gay Dad's Letter To Those Who Question Caitlyn Jenner. \Yes, Caitlyn Jenner is a hero... because she is standing up to you.\
Comedian And LGBT Advocate Dave Rubin Brings 'The Rubin Report' To Ora TV. The out comedian and political commentator's acclaimed show is getting a new digital home.
Transgender Army Sergeant Shane Ortega Opens Up About His Journey. Secretary of Defense Ash Carter has said we\u2019ve reached an era in which transgender service members could serve openly in
Greg Louganis. Greg Louganis says he's \really looking forward to sitting down\ with fellow Olympian Caitlyn Jenner\u00a0and \just talking about
What These Transgender Viewers Think Of 'I Am Cait'. ThinkProgress invited three trans people and one ally to watch the premiere of Caitlyn Jenner\u2019s reality show \u2018I Am Cait.\u2019 We
Reno Removes Rainbow Flag From City Hall After Controversy. RENO, Nev. (AP) \u2014 Reno's decision to temporarily replace the Stars and Stripes with a rainbow didn't fly with some locals
Here\u2019s What Happened When This Guy Asked 100 Men For Their Phone Numbers. A new twist on the old-fashioned way of showing you're interested.
Sen. Jeff Merkley. \It just didn\u2019t feel right to have that separation when essentially we\u2019re talking about the same fundamental issues...\
Arkansas Governor Loses Website To Angry Reddit User. The redditor said he was unhappy with the governor's anti-gay track record.
Rep. David Cicilline. The Equality Act, \u00a0an historic, comprehensive LGBT civil rights bill, was introduced in both the Senate and the House last
Watch These Women Get Transformed Into Drag Kings For The First Time. And learn more about an amazing documentary featuring some of these Kings.
Watch Lesbians Guess Whether Porn Stars Are Straight Or Gay. Would you be able to tell?
Portland in the Gay '90s vs PDX NOW. I guess that saying \You can never go back home\ applies to my trip but not in a negative way;  it was just a special place at a special time and those who experienced it will know what I mean.  Do not get me wrong, I would move back to Portland in a heartbeat but it is slightly saturated.
Legends Of New York's Latex Ball Celebrate The History Of Voguing. It's been 25 years since the Gay Men's Health Crisis\u00a0created the annual Latex Ball in 1990 in response to the HIV and AIDS
What Obama's Trip To Kenya Could Mean For LGBT Rights. Twenty-eight years after Barack Obama visited Kenya\u00a0for the first time, he's returning for a fourth trip, this time as President
This Incredible Trans Woman Is Challenging The Way We Think About Gender. \I present as female but people don't have to work too hard to see the male history.\
New Series Documents 'Secret Lives' Of Transgender Americans. What Gay Life Is Like In The Dominican Republic Leonardo Sanchez give us a taste of what it\u2019s like to be gay in the Dominican
This Lesbian Is Considered A Father In Indiana (And An Amazing One At That). RaiseAChild.US is the nationwide leader in the recruitment and support of LGBT and all prospective parents interested in
BLgT USA Reflects On Its 50-State LGBTQ Equality Food Tour. Note
GET READY QUEENS. Yaaaaaassss!
Transgender Woman Murdered In Family-Friendly Park In Tampa. India Clarke is the 10th trans woman murdered in the U.S. this year.
Kentucky Clerk Says She 'Prayed And Fasted' Before Deciding To Stop Issuing Marriage Licenses. A Kentucky county clerk says she \prayed and fasted\\u00a0before ultimately deciding to stop issuing marriage licenses altogether
Harlem Archive Collects Past Stories of Those Who Wrestled With Their Sexuality. By the time Nora-Ann Thompson fell in love with a woman, she was 45 years old and had three failed marriages behind her. The
A Golden Girl\u2019s Legacy Brings Hope To LGBT Youth. The Bea Arthur Residence in Manhattan will give homeless teens a safe place to stay.
Caitlyn Jenner Bonds With Laverne Cox At 'I Am Cait' Premiere. Caitlyn Jenner and Laverne Cox had a moment at the premiere of Jenner's new E! reality series, \I Am Cait.\\u00a0 Jenner and Cox
Would You Rather. Twenty years ago, writer/director Amy Heckerling put a Beverly Hills spin on a Jane Austen classic with Clueless. We\u2019re honoring
'Start Talking. Stop HIV.' GIF Campaign Raises Awareness About HIV Education And Stigma. HIV awareness has now taken on a new and exciting face
What Happens When You Put A Bunch Of Legendary Drag Queens On A Boat?. We can't wait!
Former Pastor Suggests Christians Should Fight Gay Rights With Guns. Pretty sure Jesus wouldn't be into that.
Thomas Roberts Becomes First Openly Gay Evening News Anchor On Network TV. Thomas Roberts anchored NBC's \Nightly News\ on Saturday, a\u00a0huge\u00a0milestone for both the 42-year-old journalist's career
92 Gorgeous Photos That Show What It Really Means To Be Trans. Last summer, HuffPost Gay Voices asked transgender people to share photos of themselves on Twitter using the hashtag #WhatTransLooksLike
The Biggest LGBT Wellness Stories Of The Week. Each week HuffPost Gay Voices, in a partnership with blogger Scout, LGBT HealthLink and researcher Susana Fajardo, brings
New Queer Web Series Takes An Inside Look At Life In San Francisco. Web series about popular \queer meccas\ seem to be all the rage\u00a0these days, and now we have a promising new one set in San
Queerview. Each week HuffPost Gay Voices and HuffPost Live takes a look back at some of the biggest queer news stories from the past
Gay U.S. Veteran Sounds Off On Military's Plan To Lift Ban On Transgender Soldiers. Author and journalist Rob Smith\u00a0joined HuffPost Live this week to discuss news that the U.S. military will soon lift its
Meet Two Of The First Gay Dads To Foster-To-Adopt In Florida. In this installment of the Huffington Post Gay Voices RaiseAChild.US\u00a0\u201cLet Love Define Family\u2122\u201d series, contributing writer
Traveler Removed From Flight After Telling Anti-Gay Texas Governor To 'Go To Hell'. The passenger was put on a flight the following morning.
Transphobic Comments From 'Friday Night Lights' Producer Pale In Comparison To Caitlyn Jenner's Courage. The sports world is still unaccepting of many trans athletes.
Here's How You Can Help LGBTQ Communities Around The Country. Get \u2018em while they\u2019re hottt! This week BLgT USA is launching a BLgT product line in the form of an IndieGoGo campaign\u00a0to
This Emotional Video Illustrates How Far Marriage Equality Had To Come. Get your tissues handy...
A Gay Dad Sounds Off On Christians Who Are Reluctant To Attend Gay Weddings. On the Friday of the Supreme Court Marriage Equality Ruling, the news hit like a rainbow colored Tsunami. As I woke up that
YouTube Star Joey Graceffa Talks Coming Out, New Book In GLAAD Interview. YouTube star Joey Graceffa\u00a0opened up about his decision to come out publicly as gay, telling GLAAD in a new interview that
Scott Walker Supports Boy Scouts' Ban On Gay Adults Because It 'Protects' Children. The GOP presidential hopeful feels the existing policy is \perfectly fine.\
Texas Judge Places Bizarre Rules On Weddings In Response To Supreme Court Ruling Legalizing Same-Sex Marriage. A Texas judge is so opposed to same-sex weddings that he wants every couple he marries -- straight or gay -- to sign a document
Here's Why So Many Disney Villains Sound 'Gay'. Quick, name as many gay male Disney characters as you can. Don't think too hard, because it's a trick question
'Little Rascals' Star Releases Beautiful Marriage Equality Ballad. \Little Rascals\ and \Full House\ star Blake McIver\u00a0finds lasting love and expresses his support for marriage equality in
Meet Trans Teen Jazz Jennings, Star Of New TLC Reality Show. One of our favorite voices from the teenage transgender community is about to get her own reality show -- and here is your
Here's What Happens When Two Men Hold Hands While Walking The Streets of Russia. Quality of life may be getting better\u00a0for the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) community in America, but that
BLgT USA's Latest Pit Stop On Its LGBTQ Equality Tour Is The South. The latest updates from the 50-state food equality tour.
Soak Up All Of The Wisdom From RuPaul's Killer Keynote Speech At DragCon. \The most important thing you can do on this planet is become the realization of your own imagination...\
Fox News Radio Host Todd Starnes Deems Chick-Fil-A The 'Official Chicken Of Jesus'. He gives the fast food franchise props in a fiery rant against same-sex marriage.
Queer Women Dominated The Women's World Cup. Here's Why It Matters. 
Pro Soccer Players Spread Message Of Love With Beautiful Wedding Photo. Women\u2019s soccer still has people buzzing, thanks to incredible performances during the\u00a0Women's World Cup. Now, there\u2019s another
Oklahoma Run 'N' Gun Biathlon Use Rainbow Flag Target To Promote Event. The organizers of an Oklahoma biathlon have sparked the ire of the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) community
The Subtle Language Of Sounding Gay. The documentary \Do I Sound Gay?\ features the voices of Margaret Cho, Don Lemon, Tim Gunn, George Takei and Dan Savage.
Jennifer Hudson Surprises Gay Texas Couple With Impromptu Wedding Performance. Jennifer Hudson surprised two Texas grooms\u00a0this week with an impromptu appearance\u00a0at their Dallas wedding.\u00a0 Scott and Chris
Internet Personality Michael Buckley On Giving 'Sex Tips' Off Broadway. \I thought this was a good way to tip my toe back into the theater without freaking myself out.\
Same-Sex Couples Still Not Allowed To Wed In More Than 20 Counties. A rebellion is brewing in the South. In Alabama, Texas, Kentucky and Nebraska, a handful of judges and county clerks are
This Clerk Wants Kentucky To Adopt A New Policy For Gay Marriage Licenses So He Won't Have To Issue Them. Citing his religious beliefs, a county clerk in Kentucky hopes his state will adopt a new and unusual policy for marriage
Brody Jenner Opens Up About His Relationship With Caitlyn Jenner. Brody Jenner is opening up about\u00a0his relationship with Caitlyn Jenner as it stands today. \Growing up, I didn't really
Candace Cameron Bure Defends Anti-Gay Bakeries And Raven-Symone Is Having None Of It. Candace Cameron Bure does not think anti-gay bakeries are guilty of discrimination, and Raven-Symone is having none of it
Jonathan Groff On Being Gay In Hollywood, 'Looking' And Madonna's iPhone Diss. Joking that he knew he \wouldn't be the male romantic lead in a Nicholas Sparks movie\ after coming out, Jonathan Groff nonetheless
It's Time for Blood Donation Equality, Too. Ending deferral of blood donations based on sexual orientation entirely is the only way to simultaneously avoid discrimination, preserve the safety of the blood supply, and maintain the FDA's credibility.
Rainbow Fashion Week. Rainbow Fashion Week recently returned to NYC, kicking off Manhattan's Pride events with eight days of queer style. RFW founder, E. Jaguar Beckford (aka Jag), was intentional about producing a style event that was inclusive and representative of the LGBTQ community's values.
Ryan Reynolds. Ryan Reynolds is thrilled that America's same-sex marriage laws have finally caught up with those of his native Canada.
Watch This Texas Couple Get A Marriage License From The County Clerk Who Denied Them. A Texas couple is rejoicing after getting a marriage license from the same county clerk's office that tried to deny them
'Kyle XY' Star Matt Dallas Marries Blue Hamilton. Matt Dallas is a married man.\u00a0 The 32-year-old \Kyle XY\ star took to Instagram\u00a0to confirm that he and his musician boyfriend
(Gender) Transitioning From No to Yes. The shift from No to Yes began for me with a talk at Chicago Ideas Week, when I mentioned my sex change surgery on stage before a thousand people. I decided to say No to the muzzle that political correctness imposed and speak out.
Hillary Clinton Offers Absolutely Beautiful Response To Gay Kid Scared About His Future. Hillary Clinton had an incredible response for a gay child who expressed fears about what his future might hold.\u00a0 A\u00a0photo
This Photo Of Abby Wambach Kissing Her Wife Sarah Huffman After World Cup Win Is What Love Looks Like. This is what love is.\u00a0 Soccer star Abby Wambach shared a kiss with wife Sarah Huffman after the U.S. beat Japan 5-2\u00a0and
Queer Couples Take It Off In Stunning Boudoir Photos (NSFW). 
If We're All About Political Correctness, Why Do We Keep Saying 'Transgendered'?. Do you want to be politically correct, up to date, and inoffensive? Here's what you can do
The Potato Eater. Alison Leslie Gold, the international best selling author of Remembering Anne Frank, has made a name for herself by not shying away from controversial, raw material.
I Get It. And as much as the cynics of the cynics of slacktivism might disagree, your vocality is continuing to draw awareness to whatever cause you are talking about. And that is key
Pretty Much Everything We Say Comes From The World Of Drag Queens. 
'Drag Race' Star Courtney Act Gets 'Ugly'. 
Here's What It's Like To Be A Lesbian In Love With A Man. 
A Decision for the Ages. The Supreme Court's decision in Obergefell v. Hodges establishing nationwide marriage equality will likely go down in history as one of the Court's great landmark rulings. The tone of the majority opinion is strikingly vivid, emotionally intelligent, and personal.
First Came Love, Then -- With the Law on Our Side -- Came Marriage. My grandmother went into hospice the day the Supreme Court heard arguments in Obergefell v. Hodges. She died the next day, surrounded by people she loved. In her mind, we were married in 2004, and all the civil rights victories that followed didn't seem to phase her. But I can't help thinking about the grandmothers in Michigan, Ohio, Kentucky and Tennessee.
Coming Out When You're in the Biggest 'Bro' Frat on Campus. I was a closeted 18-year-old in the midst of pledging the biggest 'bro' fraternity on campus. Now what?
What Attributes Are We Identifying When We Use Our 'Gaydar'?. 
Here's What Happens When 50 Men Give Their Reaction To The Word 'Gay'. 
Polyamorous Attorney Agrees SCOTUS Decision Could Lead To Group Marriage. 
Ruth Bader Ginsberg Just Got The Rap Tribute She's Always Deserved. 
Happy Birthday America. As we recite the Pledge of Allegiance and remind religious and spiritual minority communities that this is \one Nation under [a Christian] God,\ remember that liberty and justice is reserved only for those who resemble the Founding Fathers.
It's Not Over. It's not over. Not by a long shot. Not when conservatives are already looking for ways to chip away at marriage equality the way they whittled down reproductive rights to nothing in many states.
Big Penalty For Bakery That Refused Same-Sex Customers. 
No, Gay Marriage Wasn't a Conservative Win. That conservatives such as Gerson didn't notice it, doesn't mean it didn't happen. Gay couples have been fighting for the right to marry for decades; it isn't some new fad. It was happening before any \public intellectual\ was willing to take a stand on the issue.
George Takei Apologizes For Calling Clarence Thomas A 'Clown In Blackface'. 
What Was It Like to Be at the Supreme Court When the Marriage Equality Judgement Was Announced?. I arrived at the Supreme Court building at about 9:25 and waded directly into the crowd. It was a big crowd. We're talking hundreds and hundreds of people. The mood was very festive. Many people had brought their kids and even their little dogs.
Nation's First FM Radio Station Dedicated To LGBT Community Launches In Minneapolis. The Minnesota airwaves just got a whole lot gayer.\u00a0 In June, iHeartMedia Minneapolis-St. Paul launched the nation's first
The Hypocrisy of 'Religious Freedom'. It's not freedom when you are advocating taking away the liberty and rights of other human beings. It is not religious, especially not \Christian,\ to be intolerant and bigoted against your fellow citizens.
A Former Proponent of 'Traditional Marriage' Changes Camps. A lot has happened to prompt my flight. I've met some gay people, for one. They're nice, and I can't help but want them to like me. It's hard to judge them when their relationships seem to be working out better than mine.
Chicken Is To Egg as Understanding Is To Acceptance. I started to question whether I or anyone else really did need to understand everything before it could be accepted. I wondered if I could accept first and then work on the understanding part as best I could.
WATCH. June is the anniversary of the ruling that overturned the federal marriage ban and the ruling that ended the criminalization of homosexuality. All of these cases were written by Justice Anthony Kennedy.
The Impact of Marriage Equality We're Not Discussing, But Should. For the majority of us, our loves and attractions are actually celebrated, from crushes to dates to proms to weddings. And we don't really need to give it a thought. There is a wild emotional divide between private shame and public celebration, and it is critical.
The Dignity of Dissent. As many all over the United States jubilantly post pictures on social media of the White House bathed in rainbow light, we should not ignore the shadow that the President's response to \u200aGuti\u00e9rrez --\u200aand the policies she was protesting\u200a -- \u200acast over that same house. It is our house.
'We Do!' -- Episcopalians OK Marriage for Same-Sex Couples. The Episcopal Church took a giant step forward Wednesday by removing barriers for same-sex couples desiring to be married in the church.
Beyonce Celebrates Pride In Awesome Remake Of Her '7/11' Video. All hail Queen Bey, Pride and marriage equality!\u00a0 Beyonce celebrated LGBT pride and SCOTUS's historical ruling for same
Girl Scouts Return $100,000 When Donor Demands It Not Be Used For Transgender Girls. The Girl Scouts of Western Washington have rejected a $100,000 donation after its donor insisted the money not be used for transgender participants.
George Takei Takes On Donald Trump Over Marriage Equality. Marriage is about love and commitment, and Donald Trump has got it all wrong. So said George Takei, who appeared on MSNBC's
Conservatives Urge Facebook Users To Use American Flag Filter To Fight Against Rainbow Pics. Millions of people rainbow-ified their Facebook profile pictures in celebration of the U.S. Supreme Court's ruling on same
The Hypocrisy Behind Mississippi's Resistance to Marriage Equality. Sorry, Mississippi, but in this case, you can't swing both ways. Either you want to join us in the 21st century, or you may continue to pervert the empowering message of Christ into a dystopian time bubble trapping you in a past long gone.
10 Questions to Discuss Before Marrying According to a Gay Philosopher. Nietzsche loved love and thought highly of marriage. Yet, he worried about love's intoxicating and delusional nature and encourages lovers to balance passion with reason by ensuring that marriage is a strong and meaningful choice.
After Celebrating. In the last half-century, LGBT people have experienced a widening circle of acceptance. With each step of the circle outwards, more Americans got to know their LGBT friends, family and neighbors for who they are, and together we became more aware of our commonality than our otherness.
Interview With Grace; Transgender Rights and SCOTUS. Grace Stevens is a transgender woman and a leader in the transgender community who transitioned at the age of 64. She is a father of three and a grandparent of two.
Orgullo Gay. It was colorful. It was political. It was flamboyant. It was touching. And I wouldn't have expected anything less when about 100,000 people converged in the center of Mexico City on June 27, for the 37th edition of the Marcha por el Orgullo Gay, the annual Mexico City LGBT pride march and festival that grows in scope every year.
Marriott's #LoveTravels Campaign Celebrates Pride and Equality Around the World. What a historic time we live in! As the world celebrated Pride throughout the month of June, the United States Supreme Court deemed same sex marriage legal and the world came together to prove that #LoveWins.
Jeremy Renner Responds To Gay Rumors. Jeremy Renner doesn't care if you think he's gay.\u00a0 As has been the case with many celebrities, Renner's sexuality has been
A Good Cry for Marriage Equality. He was stirring green beans and butter in a red plastic bowl, when I realized I could watch the way Paul held that fork for the rest of my life. That was the dividing line. There was the time before I knew I loved him and the time after.
Marriage Is Not Enough. It's been a weird couple of days. My 17 year old self would be so happy right now. After crying in a counselling office when Bush was re-elected and all of my Southern Californian classmates rejoiced, I would have lauded this day.
What Really Happens at Chaz Dean's Salon. As a Los Angeles resident I had seen numerous billboards featuring a curious man inviting me to his salon. His name
Discover The LGBTQ Archive That's Helping To Make Black Queer Lives Matter. 
Author Robert E. Blackmon Pens Best-Selling Wedding Guide for Men. In this current bride-centric wedding culture, the needs of men of all orientations are often lost in the shuffle. The current resources don't really address the needs of men when it comes to what to wear, how to plan and what to expect when planning such an important event.
Matt Bomer Talks 'Magic Mike XXL,' Coming Out And Channing Tatum. \I mean, obviously, I blushed,\ Bomer said of Tatum's apparent man crush.
How One Company Wants To Make Traveling Safer For Gay Couples. 
6 Tips For A Successful Medical Appointment For LGBT People. 
Demeaning Democracy at the Supreme Court. Much of the focus now is rightly on celebrating this important victory. But it is worth pausing to consider what the dissenting Supreme Court justices had to say Friday because it presages what we can expect in the coming LGBT rights battles -- battles that will not be for marriage equality but for equality, period.
A Look At How Gay Pride Is Celebrated Around The World. 
A Catholic Schoolgirl Tells Her Side About an Outdated and Intolerant System. Coming from a mostly diverse kindergarten, you are accustomed to being around all different types of kids from all different walks of life, whether you realized it or not. \Your parents had you before they were married. They're going to hell.\ Welcome to the life of a Catholic schoolgirl.
Marching With Pride and Corporate America. Long before I was walking, they were marching. The pioneers of gay rights, gay visibility, gay pride first took to the streets of New York City in 1970 to march. And somewhere on this long road, a company started marching, too. And then another and another. First to us, then for us, then as us.
Was The Film 'Heavenly Creatures' Good For The Gay Community?. 
Imagine A World Where Heterosexuals Are The Ones Being Persecuted. 
This Group Of Bears Is Coming Back For The Final Installment Of Their Film Trilogy. 
June 26th as \LGBT Rights Day\ -- A Coda to Marriage Equality That Includes Trans Persons As Well. While these Supreme Court decisions do not touch on issues of gender identity and expression, they do remove the justification that courts have used to deny trans persons their rights -- that by refusing to recognize their gender transitions they were entitled to invalidate legal marriages as same-sex marriages.
These Photos Show What Love Truly Looks Like (And They're Absolutely Stunning). 
Miley, Obama, Adam Lambert And More Stars Celebrate Logo's 'Trailblazer Honors'. 
This Is What It's Like To Be Gay In Iran. 
Gay Men's Chorus Of Washington Offers Rousing Performance At Supreme Court. Dressed in matching blue T-shirts, the men crooned a rousing version of \The Star-Spangled Banner\ on the steps of the Supreme Court itself.
On The Steps of The Supreme Court, Too Happy to Hate. A lone woman stood on the Supreme Court steps ranting about homosexuality destroying our country. She had become an expired parody. She had lost relevance. She and the millions like her had become ghosts in that moment. And she knew it. And we knew it.
Celebrities Tweet About the Supreme Court's Ruling to Legalize Same-Sex Marriage. 
Save The Date. There is officially marriage equality in America. And all l I can think about is how I can now finally get married to Justin Timberlake (sorry, Jessica).
Today, #LoveWins Along With the 14th Amendment. In one week the court has said yes, you can keep your health care America. Then the people said that a 150 year old flag was, in fact, bigotry and hatred. And now, the court again has said that gay people can marry in all 50 states. Not a bad week for Americans.
'Picture-Perfect' Day For Same-Sex Couples At Heart Of Supreme Court Case. 
Here's What You Need To Know About The Trans Day Of Action 2015. 
We Stand Proud With President Obama. Today is a historic day for the LGBT community. Thanks to the Supreme Court's decision this morning, marriage equality is now a reality in 50 states. We now have more access to healthcare, more protection from discrimination, and more power in our political process than ever before.
Raw and Exposed. Typically, the vast majority enter the sex trade in their teens through late twenties. However, this first in a raw and candid three-part series explores why a man of a certain age became a porn actor/model when he was nearly 40--and his career in that industry.
It's A Great Day to Be Gay. I have been married for 12 years. When I announced my engagement 13 years ago to family and friends, I received love and excitement from almost everyone. It was a normal engagement and very exciting time for my future husband and I.
Beautiful Photos Of Celebrations Outside Supreme Court After Gay Marriage Decision. 
LOVE WINS. 
Please Just Stop, Clarence Thomas. 
Barefoot Pride With Alaska 5000 & Jinkx Monsoon (VIDEO). Every year now the folks over at Barefoot Wine & Bubbly throw a gay pride party and every year the party gets better and the crowds get bigger and this year was absolutely no exception.
This Man's Proposal To His Boyfriend Is A Musical Moment You Need To See To Believe. 
Henry Arango. \I'm glad to have lived long enough to see all the changes,\ he says gesturing with his hands. \Sometimes I've been angry because we (gays, lesbians, transgenders) are human beings. We're entitled to the same rights as everyone.\
Being a Trans Ally is a Verb. In a world that is saturated in patriarchy and gender based violence, imagine how powerful and life saving it would be if men, masculine presenting people and cis-gender identified people started standing up as allies too.
Ruby Rose And What Makes Gender Non-Conforming 'Sexy' (Or Not). Androgyny is not something often considered beautiful, so for Ruby Rose to redefine beauty and still have mass appeal is very exciting. But it does raise questions over why some gender non-conformity is celebrated while other forms are ridiculed or ignored.
The Last Boys. 
Our Weird, Affordable, San Francisco Wedding. When my partner and I finally decided to plan a wedding, 10 years into our relationship, a certain anxiety began to set in. Was this celebration going to put us into a lifetime of debt?
Dear Supreme Court, Our Daughter Is Watching. There are countless gay couples who, by virtue of their zip codes, have sat on the sidelines of this revolution. Send a message that families like ours have value.
Miley Cyrus And Instagram Launch #InstaPride. 
One Way To Feel Less Guilty About Your 'Orange Is The New Black' Binge. 
The Case of the Sultry Mountie. We are unlikely ever to uncover the 'truth' of Cic's sexual identity. But engaging\u00a0with\u00a0Cic' allows us to think about the past differently, and also to engage with the present. For queer men and women today, it's critical to see that there is a queer history, even if they\u00a0don't map precisely onto today's understandings of LGBT.
Why I Decided to Attach My Business to the Happy Hippie Foundation. The cause was something that hit close to home. The Happy Hippie Foundation works to fight injustice facing homeless youth, LGBT youth and other vulnerable populations. I'm proud to say that I'm me... and I'm part of the LGBT community.
I Am Here. I have known Jeremy Sullivan since I started my freshman year at Nixa High School in Nixa, MO. He was both my English and my Speech and Debate teacher. My first thought of Mr. Sullivan was that he was such a character and that he was different than many of my former teachers.
Meet 36 LGBTQ Students Who Just Won A Major Scholarship. 
How This Openly Gay College Runner Is Paying It Forward. 
The Problem With Transgender Generality. If we look to her for a lesson in transgender identity, we may be left wanting. But if we scale back to put her unique story in its time and place and in a wide and rich history, some valuable things come into focus.
Would You Rather. 
Happy Father's Day to My Male-Identified Lesbian Parent. No matter what I said or did, you would never go away. There was so many things you couldn't control, like the simple fact that you were in a same-sex relationship at a time in America when that was abhorred. You couldn't make us happy. But you could control if you stayed or left, and you always stayed.
Here's How Unrealistic Gay Beauty Standards Are Affecting You. 
FtM Feelings On Father's Day. Fathers don't have to be biologically related to their children. Dads can be queer. They can be kind. Fathers shouldn't have anything to do with upholding patriarchal male standards. Fathers are all genders. Fathers can be so much more then what our traditional view of them is.
This Father's Day, This Is What Queer Dads Want You To Know. 
The 'Psychics To The Stars' Sound Off On Queer Astrology. 
Here's How Quickly America Is Embracing Same-Sex Marriage. 
Waiting for the Court - But Not for History. The joy of Pride isn't really about whether the Supreme Court rules in our favor. We all hope that 2015's Pride will bring another great legal triumph. But in the end, Pride has, does, and will matter even more.
Russell Moore. 
My Husband Was Living in the Wrong Body. I am still in love with the person I married back in 1984. A person who today is a she. I have witnessed true joy in the person I've grown a life with -- a person whose blue eyes shine because she feels right in her own skin.
A Letter To The Straight Couple Who Vow To Divorce If Gay Marriage Becomes Law. 
New Web Series 'Paper Boys' Delivers Diversity, Charisma and a Magical Twist You Never Saw Coming. The new web series Paper Boy highlights the unifying theme for every person in their 20's, regardless of race, religion, or sexual orientation
Kristen Stewart's Mom Responds To Claim That She Just Outed Her Daughter. 
The iPhone Graveyard. There's a Balinese song on loop/repeat at the dining area of our modest, Sanur Beach hotel. It could be the soundtrack for an insane asylum. Frantic wooden flutes and vibraphones, playing a hectic, repetitive pattern.
The Cisgender Gaze. It's funny how obscure you act when I enter a room. Yes, I see you glancing up casually from eating your burrito to examine me as I wait in line. You forget to finish chewing.
Religious Freedoms From the Other Side. We hear a lot lately in the news about \religious freedom,\ and business owners who assert that their religious beliefs preclude them from doing business with gay people.
ATTN. With lesbians, gays, and bisexual service members now having equal opportunity protection in the military, one question that I hear all the time in the Special Warfare community is, \How do I work with somebody who is gay, or I think is gay?\
Feeling Pride, Times Two. June is Pride Month and I have to say that I'm feeling a lot of pride myself this year. Seeing all the Pride flags up and down the streets of NY and LA (and other cities) just fill me with happiness.
Caitlyn and the Court -- Why Not All Couples Are Same-Sex or Opposite-Sex. Allowing gender to dictate who you can marry is gender discrimination, plain and simple. And Americans get that.
Chobani Debuts Stunning -- And Sexy -- Lesbian-Themed Commercial. The inclusive message of the ad, a Chobani spokeperson told The Huffington Post, is in line with the company's longtime support of the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) community.
DJ Compares Playing A Gay Man's Birthday To Hosting A 'KKK Dance' Or 'Neo-Nazi Party'. 
Look Who Made An Appearance At L.A. Pride.... 
This Piece Of Art Is Made With The Blood Of Gay Men -- Blood The FDA Won't Take. 
Laura Jane Grace Talks With Fan About Transphobic Assault In The Punk Community. 
Was The Film 'Gayby' Good For The Gay Community?. 
The Huge First Step Toward LGBT Equality, But Not The Last. The freedom to marry feels inevitable in 2015. But is it? And how did we get here?
Moving On. I am going to tackle head-on the conservative attack on Caitlyn Jenner that has erupted since the Rachel Dolezal story broke. I will leave the response to Dolezal to others to parse, but I will take my colleague, Jonathan Capehart's advice and \move along\ to, once again, school the conservatives in biology.
Here's How Laws Affect The Health Of Queer People. 
LGBT Rights Rally In Deeply-Divided Singapore Sees Record Turnout. 
Adam Lambert On His New Album, 'The Original High,' And Why He Turned Down 'Hedwig'. Adam Lambert says he turned down a major Broadway role, but for a good reason.\u00a0 The 33-year-old pop star\u00a0told Queerty\u2019s Jeremy
Laura Benanti Is Dreaming About Meeting A Laura Benanti Drag Queen. On June 14, Laura Benanti will hit the stage with the Boston Gay Men's Chorus at Boston's Symphony Hall, offering vestiges of her best-known Broadway roles as well as some tunes that appeared on her 2013 live album, \In Constant Search of the Right Kind of Attention.\
A Look At 2014's Deadly Year For The LGBT Community. 
How I (Didn't) Destroy a Fundamentalist Christian. Our PFLAG chapter recently sponsored a session on the so-called \clobber verses\ in the Bible. These aptly named verses are the pretext Christians use to oppose GLBT rights. A twenty-something woman came to the session, and afterwards, she had a question for the speaker.
Oklahoma Same-Sex Love Moves to the Forefront With 'Heartland'. 
Emotional Ad Starring Lesbian Couple Challenges India's Anti-Gay Laws. 
Why The HIV Prevention Drug, PrEP, Remains So Divisive Among The LGBT Community. Many in the gay community have been divided on\u00a0the HIV/AIDS prevention drug Pre-Exposure Prophylaxis, or PrEP, since it
At Midlife, Let Your 'Cougay' Come out!. Embrace being a Daddy or a Cougay! It's a big world out there, and someone will find you attractive, your accumulated experience valuable, and your personality charming. Having father energy and playing with it can be very fun.
Pop Star Comes Out, Causes Outrage By Having Sex With Priest In NSFW Video. A Norwegian pop star came out as gay in a new NSFW music video featuring simulated gay sex with a priest, and the Church
Sandra Valls. Attention ladies preparing to attend Sandra Valls' 2015 comedy tour
The Politics of LGBTQ People. Should LGBTQ people automatically get along with each other because they are designated as a minority group that has endured decades of oppression and stigmatization? LGBTQ organizations have only hired leaders who are invested in white, privileged, able-bodied, patriarchal politics.
The W.H. Must Do More for Older LGBT Cancer Survivors. The single biggest risk factor for developing cancer is age and older LGBTQ people are more likely to be living alone when cancer strikes. While we might wish that a lifetime of family rejection would be reversed upon hearing of a cancer diagnosis, sadly that is not always the case.
A Look At The Complicated Politics Of The Word 'Lesbian'. After Ellen\u00a0Editor-In-Chief Trish Bendix opened up about the complicated politics of the word \u201clesbian\u201d in a HuffPost Live
Learning to Laugh at Gay Monsters in Love. I don't think Cody Melcher is the only comedian with a poster of Young Frankenstein hanging in his apartment, although he might be the only one displaying it over a fire-engine red piano. Cody's my guest this week on The Sewers of Paris, a podcast about gay culture that's changed the lives of gay men.
My Son Died of AIDS 2 Years Ago. David Flanagan won't ever forget the HIV/AIDS-related death of his son Josh, complete with bedsores, a collapsed lung, and health care workers who seemed to know little about how to treat him.
Caitlyn Jenner's Transition Is Far From Average. When one person becomes synonymous with an entire group, it's easy to forget that her experiences are not the norm.
New Study Finds Risks For Bisexual Men. 
Asexuals Are Increasingly Becoming Part Of Pride Month. 
Dear Caitlyn Jenner, There Is One More Transition You Need to Make. Caitlyn Jenner travels in the rarefied Hollywood air where she can get the best everything to make her transition a resounding success worthy of the Vanity Fair cover. But in the end, members of her beloved Republican Party are plotting to humiliate her and other transgender Americans.
Here's Why We Still Need Our Gay Bars. 
7 Truly Inspiring Transgender Latinas. 
This Celebrity Fashion Photographer Is Turning The Lens On Queer Luminaries. 
A Trans Response To Christian Conservatives Uncomfortable With Caitlyn Jenner. Today, post-Jenner, with the surrender of many religious conservatives on the impending \redefinition of marriage,\ they can no longer afford to treat trans persons as afterthoughts. We must be attacked head-on theologically. That, however, is proving to be rather difficult.
A Love Letter to LGBT Progress. I doubt the people who took a stand on a hot summer evening at the Stonewall Inn knew their acts of defiance would usher in a new era of LGBT rights. Oh how I wish we could go back to that day in 1969 to tell all those people what was ahead.
17 Breathtaking Photos Of Queer Pride Taken All Over The World. 
This Is Going To Change The Way You View Lesbian Herstory. 
God, Jesus and the Bible. June is Gay Pride Month. It is a time for parades and for festivals, for rainbow flags and for dance tents. It is a time to recognize the amazing progress that has been made on LGBT equality as we recommit ourselves to continuing the struggle until liberty and justice for all really means \all.\
This Photo Series Powerfully Denounces The Pain Caused By Prejudice In Small Towns In Brazil. 
Pride Rally Attacked By Unknown 'Hooligans' In Kiev. 
Transgender Heroes, Yes!. As I read about people criticizing social media for calling Caitlyn Jenner a hero, I think of my friend and all she went through. A hero is someone who puts other lives before their own. A hero can come in many forms.
Trans People Create Their Own Powerful Vanity Fair Covers. 
Book Review. What I think I like best about Reclaimed is a distinction film critic Manny Farber made between elephant art and termite art. Elephant art comes in, steps all over you, then stomps out.
No, Pride Month Is NOT Outdated -- And Here's Why. 
5 Reasons Why You Have to See 'Fun Home'. Fun Home tells the story of Alison, a young girl growing up in a funeral home with a closeted father. The musical is based on Alison Bechdel's graphic novel and it weaves her coming out and coming of age story with her father's own tragic struggle towards self-realization.
Transgender Artist Explains Why They're Setting Theirself On Fire In New Performance. 
As Caitlyn Jenner Is Learning, Trans Equality Is a Many-Layered Undertaking, Riddled with Paradox. Caitlyn Jenner could have, as the professional she is, presented herself in a manner that did not slide in so smoothly with the routine sexual objectification of the American woman, and that opens her, and by extension the rest of us, to the claim that she's playing out an erotic fantasy.
The Inspiring Reasons Janet Mock Didn't Comment On Caitlyn Jenner Publicly. 
Transgender Woman Pushed Onto Subway Tracks In NYC. 
An Open Letter to Caitlyn Jenner. There are some within the community who will be not as welcoming as others; pointing to your privilege over the vast majority of trans women, and excluding you for it, forgetting that just as with the cisgender population, there are women of all social classes, shapes and sizes who are transgender.
Sir Ian McKellen Says Coming Out Made Him A Better Actor. 
Tennessee TV Station Rejects Ad With Gay Soldier. An NBC station in Tennessee is refusing to broadcast footage of a gay soldier who wants to get married. The governor of North Carolina vetoed a bill that would let state officials turn gay couples away from marriage counters -- but the bill's not dead yet.
How Will Ireland's Marriage Vote Influence the Supremes? Stop. In the Name of Love.... Will the Supreme Court be influenced by what has happened in Ireland or will they deflect and bat the ball back to individual states thus avoiding -- or simply delaying -- having to make a firm decision?
Fat Is a Feminist Issue. What about fans who wear sizes larger than a 3x who are seemingly shut out of the entire realm of tee shirt fandom? Should they just buy a CD and an embossed baseball cap?
The Secret Messages Behind the SCOTUS Same-Sex Marriage Oral Arguments. It is ironic and telling that the people of Ireland on May 22 voted to enshrine same-sex marriage rights into its constitution by an almost two-to-one margin. They seemed to have no problem in riding above complicated and esoteric legal arguments, as well as the proscriptions of the Church.
Embracing the LGBT Community During Pride. With Pride month upon us LGBT folks from throughout the country will spend the month partying and taking Pride in our community. Flags will fly and parades will be had. In many ways mainstream America will witness the media perpetuated stereotype of LGBT community.
On the Other Side. When the gender diagnosis came, a part of me was super scared and a part of me was relieved. I realized that as long as we actively managed the situation and made decisions together, we would be fine.
Basotho LGBTI Youth Connect With International Activists. The energy in the room at the end of the day is buoyant. People are smiling and laughing. Several linger behind to discuss the incredible conversations that we have had.
Beautiful Photo Series Proves Masculinity May Not Be Exactly What You Think It Is. 
A Look At Rural Smoking Queers. 
Blogging for LGBTQ Families Day. I like to think of this time of year as Parenting Season, the span between Mother's Day and Father's Day. It can be a challenging time for LGBTQ parents and our kids, since we don't fit into those two categories in the traditional way -- but it can also be a great time to celebrate and raise awareness about our families.
The 10 Best Gay Best Friends. 
Laverne Cox Spills On Self-Acceptance, Finding Love And Battling The Patriarchy. 
For The Love Of Judy Garland. 
The Top Wedding Destinations For Same-Sex Couples. 
Gay Activists Detained After Unsanctioned LGBT Rally In Moscow. 
This Gay Republican Soldier's Ad Was Too Controversial For One TV Station. 
Virtually Every Demographic Group Now Supports Gay Marriage. 
Your 2015 Guide to Coast-to-Coast Gay Pride. This past weekend wasn't just the unofficial start of summer; it's the official start of Pride season. In the coming month the sunlight will not only stay out longer but cities will start flying the rainbow flag to celebrate their LGBT communities.
Here's What It's Like To Be Queer In Singapore. 
'Get Happy' With These Incredible Judy Garland-Inspired Performances Honoring Homeless LGBT Youth. 
A Look At Legislation That Could Be Harmful To Children And LGBT Families. 
Texas, God, and Gay Marriage. Maybe, just maybe, do these events show how asinine it is to make statements connecting God's supposed wrath against gay marriage to a disaster in the first place?
Ryan O'Connell Talks About His First Book, I'm Special. Ryan O'Connell got his start much in the same way as any other up and coming writer - working a string of all but unpaid internships, and harvesting his life for awkward/relatable experiences to blog about for the internet.
My Transgender Life. I am pretty sure that these shows will never be on my regular \must see\ list, but I was able to separate the larger-than-life reality show, the reported money-making machine, and found I could identify with the human feelings that were expressed,
Becoming Violet Chachki. I first met Violet Chachki in 2012 when she was an itsy-bitsy baby queen coming up in the Atlanta drag scene. She was so young back then, she couldn't even be served alcohol where she was performing!
A Look At Being A Long-Term HIV Survivor Living In The Here And Now. 
The Seismic Shift in Irish Values, and One Reason It Happened. The landslide victory for marriage equality in Ireland caught some conservatives off guard. What happened to the staunchly conservative, almost fanatical Catholicism of the Irish people? Paul Valleley, a professor of public ethics at the University of Chester, offered some important suggestions. He lists two major reasons.
Would You Rather. 
Could Pregnancy Be A Way For Queer Teens To Avoid Bullying?. 
Under Five Million People School the World. Thank you to every \yes\ campaigner in Ireland. From a 52-year-old gay American, I feel very, very Irish today. As a country and as a people, you have my continued love. As an example to the world today you shine like no other.
Dan Savage Points Out Hypocrisy Of Duggar Family Values. 
Viva La Diva! Melba Moore Is Back On Stage. 
Transgender Kids Take Center Stage In Stunning, Empowering Photo Series. 
Rainbows Form Over Dublin As Ireland Votes For Gay Marriage. 
10 Countries Unite To Support Queer Rights In South Korea. 
Jane Fonda Reveals Why She Thought One Of Hollywood's Biggest Stars Was Gay. 
Here's A Modern Twist On Classic Judy With A Great Gay Cause. 
Backlash, Bullies and Victory Blindness. Lately, \the gays\ have been blamed for a long list of ills, both real and imagined. The looming prospect of nationwide marriage equality has sent some social conservatives around the bend. It is not just twisters for which we are on the hook.
After Marriage. Like many of you, I have been eagerly following the news about the Supreme Court hearing on marriage equality. This is undoubtedly an exciting time for our movement and I am holding my breath hoping for a historic win. It is also the time to start the community conversation about the next chapter of our movement.
A Sex Worker Explains How To Talk To Sex Workers. 
How This Gay Rodeo Is Shaking Up Arkansas. 
Texas College Bans Gay Athletes From Dating Or Supporting Same-Sex Marriage. 
How to Advance LGBT Rights in Red States. The narrative playing out in the media and in state capitals across the country is that LGBT freedom advances only at the detriment of religious liberties, and vice versa. That doesn't have to be the case. By bringing both sides together with mutual respect, we were able to move Utah in the right direction.
Will Female and Gay Narratives Ever Be 'Normal' in Mainstream Film?. There have been a number of actresses who've played extremely strong, tough characters in recent years -- Meryl Streep and Reese Witherspoon to name a few -- which have been very well received and widely accepted by audiences. But the gay love story still presents a set of new challenges entirely.
Here's Why We Should ALL Be Getting Our HPV Vaccines. 
AIDS Walk at 30 Years. Thirty years ago, New Yorkers took their first step together for what would become an annual spring tradition
Here's What Happens When you Have to Move 1000's of Miles for Love!. Long distance relationships are incredibly difficult, especially if the distance is between TWO oceans and a massive continent.
This Incredible New Resource Will Change Queer Sex Education Forever (NSFW). 
Gay Activists Detained By Police At Russian Flash Mob. 
After Losing Court Case To Gay Man, Dry Cleaner Retaliates With Ridiculous Scheme. 
Marriage Showdown. Texas is setting itself up for a showdown with the Supreme Court. A bill to defy the court's rulings died in the House last week, but anti-gay politicians could find a sneaky way to revive it. Meanwhile, the Attorney General of Texas refuses to say if he'll obey the Supreme Court's ruling in June.
This Guy's Mom Doesn't Approve Of His Sexuality. His Response Is Awesome.. 
What Our Fascination With Cate Blanchett's Sexuality Really Says About Us. 
When Police Are Outside Agitators. Police must change their perspective from enforcing to protecting. They must know and respect the communities they serve. They must not be above the law. Change will occur only if we push for it together. Let's be about it.
Hell Hath No Fury Like a Trans Woman Scorned. No matter what my mind, mouth or fingers typing these words may say, my heart remains, for the time being at least, in this body. She may not be the one I would have chosen, but she is mine - and I am hers.
The Fun House. In Fun Home, what opened so perilously between my grandparents and me opens again between those standing across the same mortuary table or pressing their bodies against each other in the same narrow dorm bed.
Don't Forget About Us in the Middle. Those of you on the coast need to remember that when it comes to LGBT issues, the Midwest and the South is about a decade behind you. Now, think back to the way things were a decade ago for you. See how we can't abandon ship just yet?
Beautiful New UN Video Presents LGBT \Everyday Heroes\ to the World. New York City's Times Square - with its throngs of visitors, office workers, hawkers of fake designer wear and life-sized Elmos and Buzz Lightyears - today serves as the unusual setting for a United Nations video launch.
Why Gay Marriage Doesn't Open the Door to Polygamy. In states that have legalized marriage for gays and lesbians, the only change in those contracts was the genders. A few pronouns were switched, but when gay couples marry, everything else still works exactly the same way.
Depression's Peculiar Grip on Black LGBTQs, Part Three. Welcome to the final part of \Depression's Peculiar Grip on Black LGBTQs.\ As I've stated, I'm writing this multi-part series to shine a bright light on how depression can have a more pronounced and peculiar effect and impact on black LGBTQ persons.
Now Is the Time to Start Talking About Racism in the LGBT Community. As the Supreme Court gets ready to hopefully legitimize a belief that many of us in the LGBT community already consider an inalienable right -- marriage equality for all -- it's high time we start preparing ourselves for the next major issue to address
'Homosexuality Is Not an Addiction'. Homosexuality is Not an Addiction is the title of a piece that just came out on Psychology Today. Dr. David Ley's piece cannot be ignored in the conversation on LGBTQ rights and \conversion therapy.\
On Those Freakshow Gay Pride Parades. Admit it, you're kinda intrigued but also put off by gay pride parades. Maybe \put off\ is too strong a term for you. Perhaps you're, say, perplexed by them? Yes, perplexed -- how's that?
Jeffrey Marsh. Being this popular has plugged me into a community, and has helped me to unearth the people who say yes without hesitation -- who feel the way I do. These are the people who, for whatever reason, are outsiders like me. Connecting with them is priceless.
Why America's Largest Group Of Medical Doctors Are Supporting Gay Marriage. 
A Gay Dad Sounds Off On The School That Canceled An LGBT-Themed Play. 
Why Do So Many Bi Women Smoke Pot?. 
Here's Why Miley Cyrus Is My Non-Straight, Non-Binary Role Model. 
Watch Kelly Ripa Bring The House Down At The GLAAD Awards. 
Would You Rather. 
These Absurd Lawsuits Show Why The Anti-Gay Movement Is Failing. 
These Stunning Photos Challenge The Way We Think About Identity. 
Unzipped Episode 2. HIV Equal Online's second episode of Unzipped explores what can make sex good, and what can make it bad. Watch as nine guys talk about the last time the had fun in the sack, and the last time they wanted to jump out and run screaming.
A 'Very Famous' Gay Man Once Popped The Question To Jane Fonda. 
Freedom to Discriminate? Michigan Business Under Fire for Anti-Gay Ad. Most people believe in freedom of speech. Most people also believe that a business shouldn't have the right to discriminate against customers for their religious and political beliefs. But what if you were faced with a situation where you had to choose?
Love vs.Hate. On April 28th, I had the chance to go stand on the steps of the Supreme Court with my family to support same-sex couples' right to be legally married in every state.
Rabbi Jack Moline Talks 'Everyone Only' Sign Campaign and LGBT Equality (AUDIO). This week I talked with Rabbi Jack Moline, Executive Director of Interfaith Alliance about an inspirational campaign launched by Interfaith Alliance called the \Everyone Only\ project.
The Drag Queen World Series. On this episode of Nicholas Snow Live, I welcome The Life Group LA Executive Director Sunnie Rose Berger; Sister Leigh VIticus of the LA Sisters of Perpetual Indulgence.
Global Pride Summit - Online, Totally Free and Totally Awesome!. It's 2015 and the world is not the homophobic place that it once was. Our most popular talk show host, Ellen DeGeneres, is an \out\ lesbian. One of our most popular and award-winning TV shows, \Modern Family,\ features an openly gay couple.
If You're A Gay Man You Should Know About This One Cancer. 
The Mother's Day I Became a Gender Creative Kid's Champion. The Mother's Day Harry was 12, they handed me a plain business envelope with M\u2764M written on the front. I unfolded a single sheet of white paper to find a typed poem titled \The Joy of Having a Mother.\ I was blown away.
We Welcome Bruce Jenner With Open Arms -- But He's Not Our Standard Bearer. Bruce stands on the shoulders of those before. His acceptance is only possible because of the courage of those who resisted at Stonewall, and the countless others who have rebelled against intolerance while simply attempting to be the people they felt themselves to be. They are our heroes and heroines.
A Ray Of Hope For Cuba's LGBT Community?. 
You Won't Believe This Former GOP Presidential Hopeful's Gay Marriage Rant. 
See The Gay-Straight Proposal Pals Get Suited Up Before Their Big Night Out. 
Shaping a Movement That Leaves No One Behind. For many years, media portrayals of LGBTQ people focused on one type of experience -- that of the white, gay, urban man living a fabulous life in a coastal city. While people living that experience are an important part of our community, many other voices and stories haven't been consistently heard.
On What It Means to Be a LGBTQ Ally. How can members of LGBTQ communities be allied with those in Baltimore? We shut up for a while and seek out a different moment in time for our voices to be heard. We listen to those closest to the pain and rage. We do better at processing our anguish and the anguish of others before we speak about that pain.
My First Father-Daughter Dance. Last year at this time, my then first-grader asked me to take her to the father-daughter dance at her school repeatedly, and every time, my refusal made her cry. She begged and whined, \Why, Daddy, why?\ What I was too ashamed to explain last year at this time was that I was afraid around other dads because I didn't look like a dad.
Here's What Happened When a Feminist Lesbian Had Wings at Hooters. So here's my quandary
From the Steps of the United States Supreme Court. The atmosphere was electric and the excitement and anticipation palpable, as over a thousand LGBT people from all across the country gathered in Washington D.C. for the historic marriage equality arguments before the United States Supreme Court last Tuesday.
This Gay Couple Shows How Love Can Overcome Bigotry. 
Why You Should Always Say 'Hi' to That Cute Person on the Subway (VIDEO). We've all been there
#Pizza4Equality Raises $160,000 In 26 Days To Help LGBTQ Homeless Youth. On Tuesday, the eve of Forty To None Day (a day of national awareness of the epidemic of homeless youth) I got the opportunity to meet with Grammy, Emmy, and Tony Award-Winning artist (and my teen shero) Cyndi Lauper when I presented a $160,000.00 check to True Colors Fund, a youth charity Lauper co-founded.
Steve Grand Gets Stripped Down By Davey Wavey...To Prove A Point. 
In Four Supreme Court Clashes Over 15 Years, a Consensus for Equality Emerges. As expected, civil rights legend Mary Bonauto knocked it out of the park for marriage equality. But something bigger was in the air -- a sense that history wasn't just turning but had, in some basic sense, turned.
What Actually Happens When Gay Guys See Other Gay Guys and Straight People Aren't Around. The title says it all. This sketch is absurd and yet perfect.
How Drag Queens Have the Power to Change Your Life. This week's episode features Johann, a South African man who grew up closeted and lonely until he discovered the gay community in a place he could never have imagined as a child
Magazine Printed In HIV+ Blood Wants To End Social Stigma. 
Anti-Gay GOP Politician Comes Out After Being Caught Sending Explicit Photos On Grindr. 
Food Network Star Ted Allen on Coming Out and Dining Out For Life. In this episode of Nicholas Snow Live, I welcome Food Network star and original Queer Eye for the Straight Guy cast member, Ted Allen, spokesperson for Dining Out For Life, Emmy Award-winner and host of the primetime series Chopped on The Food Network.
Here's Why Reese Witherspoon And Sofia Vergara Don't Want You To Focus On Their Kiss In 'Hot Pursuit'. 
My Transgender Life - Sharing Secrets and Releasing the Shame. We now have seen \The Interview\ with Bruce Jenner.  I can't help but reflect on how similar his journey seems to be to the one I traveled only a few short years ago. However, there is one big difference.
Breaking Up With God. I'm so grateful that technology has evolved enough to where LGBT youth can discover support systems online that provide a palpable \Plan B\ to some of the hateful and absurd messages being offered at the pulpit.
Why Jenner's Interview Makes the Case for Supporting Transgender Youth Now. I found myself unexpectedly emotional as I watched Bruce Jenner bravely share such a personal story with the world. I tried to grasp why I felt differently than I had with any other transgender \coming out\ story, and my reasons were many. But foremost on my mind, as always, were my camp kids.
SCOTUS and Marriage Equality -- The Sky Is Not Falling. Metropolitan Community Churches are proud to say marriage equality has been part of our DNA for almost 50 years. One of the first things our founder, Rev. Elder Troy Perry, did after forming Metropolitan Community Church in 1968 was to begin performing marriage ceremonies.
In the Afterglow of the Bruce Jenner Interview. The opportunity this presents for our community to simply tell our stories, have them be heard and, most importantly, to educate -- is what the real legacy of this moment is.
My Thoughts on the Diane Sawyer Interview With Bruce Jenner. I want to personally thank Bruce for his courage, his candor and his willingness to share his journey. At the very least, it will start a conversation. Please do not get caught up in the politics.  Transgender people are no different than anyone else.
Bruce Jenner, I Applaud You. Jenner's message reached across the board, and my hopes are that Bruce's interview, his truth, his explanation of who he is today and where he plans to go in the future with \her,\ has reached people who resonate with his journey. I hope this will push further discussion, acceptance, understanding and most of all, empathy.
Bruce Jenner. I commend Jenner for opening a much-needed area for discussion, and, hopefully acceptance for many. After all, Who says we can't all live together in harmony and enjoy life?
We Can Talk About Bruce's Politics Without Ruining the Moment. I don't see the contradiction in embracing the good Jenner has done, while respectfully asking \What the heck?\ on his apparently discordant politics -- not to enforce liberal orthodoxy, but to encourage self-reflection in someone who has a unique public platform.
Bruce Jenner, the Hottentot Venus and Me. Everyone who transitions does so somewhat publicly, though not all of us have cameras focused on our every move. When we speak of Bruce, hopefully we can remember that Bruce is, at heart, a person, and give him the dignity he is due.
In Brazil's Macho Culture, Homophobia and Misogyny Are Intertwined. Both homophobia and sexism are part of the structure of the patriarchy. They are the most enduring building blocks in the construction of prejudice. And when those ideas come from within the gay community, we have a paradoxical situation.
7 Up-and-Coming Stars Who Are Changing How We Think About Gender. 
Challenging Dual Stereotypes. There is a pervasive cultural myth that all gays are rich, and that all Asian Americans are overachievers. Individuals who identify as LGBTQ and AAPI are therefore often assumed to be better off. However, these misconceptions all too often mask real struggles and hardships faced by LGBTQ AAPI communities.
What Happens When A Onetime Icon Of American Masculinity Comes Out As Trans. 
Combating the Collateral Damage of Homophobia. I want to caution that for all the drama, excitement, enthusiasm and analysis sparked by the political dimension of the marriage equality debate, there is also a deeply personal dimension that is easy to overlook. It is the collateral damage of systemic homophobia that accelerates when marriage equality is in the news cycle.
Here's The Beautiful Story Of Two Gay Men Changing Their Lives To Welcome Kids Into Their Family. 
The Anti-gay Right Can't Run Forever From Its History of Bigotry. The anti-gay right seem to be painting a portrait of victimhood in anticipation of further progress by the LGBT community and the goal is most likely to stop this progress. But I have one question.  How in the hell can anyone forget how we got to this point?
My Fight for Marriage Equality on Guam. How was this happening all over again? Why did the Governor decide that it was in his power to pick and choose which laws he was going to enforce?
Activist Remembers Those He Met on 6,000-Mile Walk for Equality (VIDEO). Alan Bounville walked 6,000 miles for gender-identity and sexual-orientation equality. But what happened early on in his walk, at a small grocery store in a rural town, is what led him to one of his most memorable experiences.
Don't Call Me Daddy. He would also edit my writing, organize my closets and plan adventurous weekends at outer-borough museums and trips to Hindu temples. He was, in short, my dream man. So could a real committed relationship work?
Queer Fashion Is Not A Trend, 'It's A Social Movement'. 
Meet The Trans Man Poised To Make History On The Cover Of Men's Health. 
The Bruce Jenner Story Is Good News. The discussion about whether Bruce Jenner is transitioning has me feeling simultaneously hopeful and deeply uncomfortable. Uncomfortable because, as a daughter of a \transparent,\ the tabloid tone of ridicule with which the speculation has been presented recalls the cruel words I heard behind my back growing up.
An LGBTQ Invitation to Israel. We look forward to leaders from around the world coming to Israel in June, taking this opportunity to participate in the conference, to see the community and the country for themselves, and to join in the celebration of Tel Aviv Pride. We will be stronger together.
Online Dating. I grew up with the Internet and social networking, so online dating feels, somehow, more natural than walking up to a good-looking guy in public and saying, \Hey, I'm Tom. How's your week/end going?\
1,000,000 Reasons to Look Beyond Marriage Equality and Say #IDO. This is not the time to grow complacent, but it is the time to celebrate our achievements to date and then recommit our time, voices and resources to ensure the fight against discrimination continues. Say #IDo as a symbol of America's collective resolve to ensure \Liberty and Justice for All.\
Hillary's Left Flank. What pragmatic liberals like me are calling for is not surrender on the part of progressives, but political maturity. Hillary is far better than any GOP candidate. If she is the Democratic nominee, those who don't want to see a century of reforms decimated should give her their vote.
Some Truly Bizarre Anti-Gay Arguments Before the Supreme Court. I've rounded up the weirdest Supreme Court briefs that argue in favor of preventing gays and lesbians from marrying. Some are full of mistakes, others have baffling arguments. And at least one is incredibly sexist, and signed by a member of Congress.
Point-by-Point Takedown of an Anti-Gay Infomercial. The anti-gay Family Research Council has a new video about how the gays are ruining everything, what with their pesky marrying and buying of cakes and, well, simply existing. And this video isn't just a video -- it's part of a crafty advertising campaign.
The Weaker Becomes the Stronger. Though there have been setbacks, it is clear that the arch of rights-based gay movements is bending toward justice. But part of conservative thinking for some is a language that places those who victimize members of LGBTQ communities in the position of the victim.
Online Anti-Gay Marriage 'Pledge' Launches Ahead Of SCOTUS Hearings. 
The Gay Culture Every Queer Should Know About. What's the entertainment that made you who you are today? That Eagle conversation left me wanting to find more of the formative media that shaped gay men's lives. I've never read any Isherwood, and haven't seen Mame. What else have I been missing?
Adam Lambert's New Single May Be Just What He Needs To Score Another Big Hit. 
Dear Garth Brooks, #PeopleLovingPeople. When I stood in the crowd with my pink glasses and suit, I understood the purpose of my life. That I was born into a world where I loved my mamma, and I loved my gay dad and I loved my cowboy uncle. That's what love is about, knowing that none of us are so different that we don't share something.
This Gay Pole Vaulter Just Went To Great Lengths To Prove His Love. 
Here's How One Medical School Is Making LGBT Safe Spaces A Priority. 
A Night Of Sequins, Style And Sass In NYC. 
How I Learned to Love 40 by Posing Naked. In the days leading up to our encounter a peculiar thing happened -- I panicked. All along I had convinced myself that the shoot was a hero's journey designed to combat ageism and show our community that we're sexy, vital and important at any age. Turns out it wasn't the world that needed reassurance -- it was me.
How LGBT Professionals Can Stand Out at Work. For years, the dominant question for LGBT professionals was whether it was safe to be out at work. Though the battle is far from over, the growing acceptance of gay marriage and the coming out of prominent executives like Apple's Tim Cook has moved the discourse to the next level.
Prejudice Does Not Discriminate. When I hear someone say something prejudicial about one person or a group of people, it's as if they are saying it about all of us. If they are attacking one group today, then they'll be attacking another group tomorrow. Everyone gets a turn.
The Rise Of The Part-Time Gay Sex Worker. 
ASSEMBLAGE. 
An Interview With Drag Race Fan Favorite Latrice Royale. Of all the queens to come out of RuPaul's Drag Race, there are very few as universally loved and revered as Latrice Royale. I caught up with Latrice during some of her very rare free time to chat about what's new in her life and her thoughts on the past and future of drag.
The 13 Greatest Sissies Of All Time. 
'One Big Happy' Star Kelly Brook On The Changing Definition Of Family. 
Here's What Happened When a Lesbian Photographer Used Art to Promote Love. \I think that everyone just desires to be and to feel loved. Accepted. Not tolerated (I think that word is gross.) There are so many of us who go through life not feeling loved and completely alone, dealing with some huge circumstances by ourselves. I don't want that.\
Why I'm Unsubscribing From Ageism in the Gay Community. Almost every time I go out in the gayborhood, I experience some form of ageism. Age shouldn't matter -- because it doesn't. It's the 21st century, and the only things truly dated about us are our idealisms.
10 Novel, Absurd, And Irrelevant Arguments Made In Supreme Court Briefs Against Marriage Equality. 
Sharing the Stories of LGBTQ Youth. 
Homophobia Today. It's 2015 and gays like myself are still here, still queer and people seem to be getting used to us. Sort of.
Meet The Gay 'Alt-Couturier' To NYC's Downtown Cabaret Stars. 
The Politics of Shame and Pride. Shame. It governs our lives in more ways than we'd want it to. Any cringe, embarrassment, infraction of social norms; It is a learnt mechanism to pull us back into a narrative that we have been told our whole lives.
10 Of Broadway's Sexiest Men Will Drop Trou For Sizzling Benefit. 
Queer Immigration Activists Look For Support At Phoenix Gay Pride Parade. 
'RuPaul's Drag Race' Is About To Change The Way You Text Forever. 
Are You Ready For Your Close-up?. With the ongoing incidents concerning inappropriate police shootings, the call for body cameras is getting increasingly louder. So loud that scores of police departments across the nation have already implemented or begun implementation of the technology.
Hillary Clinton Featured A Same-Sex Couple In Her Campaign Video Because She May Be A Lesbian, Pundit Suggests. 
Coffee Shop Gives Anti-LGBT Lawmakers A Taste Of Their Own Medicine. 
Gay Man Shot By Man With Possible White Supremacist Ties. 
Peeing While Trans*. Never before did I think that relieving myself of bodily waste was a radical act.
Hilary Swank Says Transgender Acceptance Has 'A Long Way To Go'. 
Screw You, I Am Asian 'American'. While it may not have been Tammy's intent, posing this seemingly innocuous question is a poorly disguised microaggression that perpetuates the belief that Asian-Americans are cultural and racial outsider within the American context. T
DOMA Pioneer Hits Broadway For 'Fun Home'. 
Anti-Gay Cab Driver Ordered To Pay Lesbian Couple. 
And The New Cover Boy Of Hello Mr. Is.... 
Ready For April 15? Here Are 11 Great Tax Planning Tips For Same-Sex Couples. 
What's It Like To Be Transgender In Kansas City?. 
Rejoice, Lesbians. 
7 Lies About LGBT Musicians We Need To Stop Telling Immediately. 
LOOK. 
I Am More Than My Disability. When I attend social functions, people focus on my disability. No matter how hard I try to discuss the news or the hottest restaurant, people always revert back to my lack of sight. And at gay parties, people tend to ask more intimate questions.
Here's How This Queer Couple Discovered 'The Power Of Family'. 
7 TV Shows About Trans Women Coming Soon To Your TV. 
Slow Day At The Office? We've Got The Perfect Cure. 
Taking the Ball From the GOP. Never before has Republican flailing been on such vivid display, nor has the right's disconnect from mainstream American opinion been more glaring. We should seize the moment and make the GOP pay a heavy price.
My Long Short Road to 50, in Gay Years. If you're fortunate enough to live half a century, you'll understand that it isn't that youth is wasted on the young, it's that youth has no bearing on happiness.
A Case of Cis Regret. I was actually born with a body that matched my agender identity. I didn't make sex hormones. But I was bullied so viciously for looking androgynous, I chose to be \normal.\ And now I have cis regret.
Here's How One Expert Says We Can Slow The Spread Of HIV. 
Here's Why LGBT Voters Should Be More Critical Of Hillary Clinton. 
This 'Golden Girls' Lego Set Might Soon Be Reality. 
Indiana's Lesbian Billboard. Considering Indiana has now become a national joke for LGBT discrimination, it was a sharp reminder that not everyone in the state echoes the legislature's pro-discrimination stance.
Great News For Colorado Baker Who Refused To Make Anti-Gay Cakes. 
Go Fund Me Too. I'm officially announcing to the world that I, Neal Wooten, blogger for the Huffington Post, also do not currently operate a pizza joint, and furthermore, at the risk of angering a lot of fair-minded decent people who stand up for equal rights, I also will not cater to gay weddings. Please set up my Go Fund Me account as soon as possible.
This High School Football Player Came Out In A Hilarious Way. 
NYC Nightlife Icons Star In Wild New Video. 
A Blind Man's Take on Beauty in the Gay Community. While I have learned to do everything the blind way, I always find myself teaching others how to interact with me -- something I've become better at with time. And, one of the main themes I battle with, especially in the gay community, is the importance of beauty.
A Gay Dad's Reading List. Where Frank looked for legal and legislative victories, Signorile takes us further into a path towards winning the American psyche. He points out that positive opinion polls only tell a surface story.
ASSEMBLAGE. 
Florida Bakery Faces Threats After Refusing To Print Anti-Gay Message On A Cake. 
The Latest Episode In Our Favorite Queer Web Series For Kids Is Here. 
Harvey Milk Told This Man One Thing That Changed His Entire Life (VIDEO). One person really can make a difference. For Ron Huberman, all it took to find himself on the path toward an accomplished life was meeting Harvey Milk. The fateful day came after a cross-country road trip from New York to San Francisco.
For Gay and Bi Blood Donors, New Rules but Same Ban. Gay and bisexual men want to contribute to America's blood stocks and have a vital role to play in keeping America healthy. We should demand that the FDA change its policy and keep stereotypes out of blood donation sites.
New Zine Explores The History and Culture Of Black Gay Men. 
What Happened When This Gay Man Used Instagram To Propose To His Boyfriend Was Simply Magical. 
Three Years and Counting. After the big win, I was entitled to a real investigation. And I proved it. On all counts, I proved they discriminated against me and I won. Macy v. Holder then started to walk, talk and have a life of its own. My child began to grow.
Where Do You Fall On The Spectrum Of Sexuality?. 
States Pushing 'Religious Freedom' Laws Undermine U.S. Effort for Equality Abroad. It is heartening to see the swift condemnation against Indiana's new law from state governments, technology leaders, athletic organizations and community organizations. The pressure should be kept up, even as the governor and lawmakers say they want to \clarify\ the law's intent.
Why Would a Gay Person Want a Cake Baked by Bigots?. Why would a gay person want a wedding cake baked by bigots? I don't think any of us would. I certainly wouldn't. But if it's legal for a business owner to discriminate, like it currently is in Indiana, then wedding cake shoppers have to be on the defense.
The Latest Assault on the Affordable Care Act. I would not be here today if it wasn't for the free, quality health care I was given in the form of Medicaid. I support the ACA and I advocate for a single payer national health insurance system. This is what we all need in order to be a society in which our ideals are realized rather than sold off. We can't go backwards, there's just too much at stake.
And the Winner of our National Survey on Funniest Drag Queen Name Is.... The results from our national Funniest Drag Queen Name poll are in!  With 4,293 votes cast on 40 finalists we finally have our winners...
Open Letter to the Youth of Indiana. As a depressed and isolated queer young person, I never thought I would one day have a husband, be living in the gayest city in the world, and be writing a letter like this to people like you.
Stunning Ads Show Love Is Love No Matter Who You Are Or How You Look. 
ASSEMBLAGE. 
Here's Some Good LGBT News About Indiana. 
'Looking' for More. I liked the show because it finally presented a world I could relate to. It was refreshing to see a show that dealt with the issues that concern me and my community
A Homosexual's Survival Guide To Hookup Apps For Straight People. 
HIV and Hatred in Indiana. Meanwhile, there is another story out of Indiana that hasn't been mentioned in this mess and it should. Indiana is in the midst of an HIV crisis.
Madonna's Dancers Re-Create 'Vogue' 25 Years Later. 
10 Queer Women Who Changed History. 
A Man in California Wants to Kill My Son. You might be thinking, \Amelia, this isn't going to go anywhere. It's California! It's not like it's going to become law.\ And you are right. But it doesn't take away from the fact that there are thousands of people in this country just like Mr. McLaughlin, who think a bullet in his head is exactly what my son deserves.
What's It Like to Be Deaf and Gay? (VIDEO). What's it like to navigate the gay world when you're deaf? Richard Mesich shares his story, beginning with his coming-out experience.
A Letter to Myself As a Trans Teenager. These next few years, as hard as they might be for you, will pass quickly. I know you want to end it all right now; I know you feel like it's the only thing that will stop the pain. But you have NO idea how wonderful the future is going to be!
Steve Grand Finds (And Loses) Love In His New Video. 
Ghosts in the Courtroom. The Mattachine brief, and the archival rescue that went into it, is in partial payment of an historic debt. But victory in the marriage cases will not complete that debt.
Surviving and Thriving Through Adversity. I didn't die. Instead I thrived. I learned all I could; I saw the best doctors that community health, and occasional private insurance, could provide. And today, 27 years post infection with an AIDS diagnosis, I am undetectable with a healthy t-cell count.
Here's How Jason Collins Is Coaching Gay Athletes, Celebs On The Art Of Coming Out. 
JK Rowling Had A Brilliant Response To Fan Who Said She 'Can't See' Dumbledore Being Gay. 
Heather Barwick, Don't Let Your Pain Hurt Other Kids. I'm sorry that your pain has brought you to a place that has you advocating a position that is guaranteed to cause more pain to other children. You must know that children will continue to be raised by same-sex couples. Gay marriage doesn't deny children anything. It grants them equality.
Is It All Right With You If I'm Just Out as Human?. I don't have a word for being a girl who was assigned \female\ at birth; identifies as a girl; grew up dressing like (and still sometimes dresses like) a boy; once dated men but now dates women; eats meat, vegetables, gluten, and dairy; is white; has blonde hair and blue eyes; and is short.  That's why we have names.  I'm just Shaina.
Cyber Suitors. I was tentative about saying the \L word;\ it was a big step for me -- especially considering that Lucas and I had never actually met. In person, that is. The Internet has, indeed, made the world a very small place.
LOOK. 
Here Is Why I Use the Word 'Queer'. That word has been used against us in the past. But you can't use a word against someone who already calls that word their own. So I claim it. I own. I use it, and I wear it. I am queer.
This Man Recalls The Complexity Of Being Gay In Germany During The Mid-20th Century. 
10 Sleazy Gay Places From NYC's Glory Days. 
Calling All Lesbians. 
Was The Film \u2018The Object Of My Affection' Good For The Gay Community?. 
He Told His Boyfriend, 'I Love You.' His Boyfriend's Response Brought Him to Tears. (VIDEO). When Michael Coulter left Flint, Michigan, and went to college, he \met more gay people in one hour\ than he had in his entire life. But there was one who caught his eye, and that boy would become his first love. As the school year continued, Michael's feelings only grew stronger, and with summer break approaching, he felt like he was ready to share his feelings.
ASSEMBLAGE. 
Here's Why Gay And Bi Men Might Be Twice As Likely To Get Skin Cancer. 
ATTENTION ALL QUEENS. 
New Survey Has Some Surprising Findings About Gay Men and Hook Up Apps. Are other guys having the same experience you are on the gay dating apps? We wondered, too. So we conducted a a nationwide survey of nearly 4,000 gay men last month to gauge their behavior.
Prominent Ad Agency Changes Its Name To Protest Dolce & Gabbana. 
Dolce & Gabbana Respond To Backlash Over Their Remarks About Gay Families. 
Pay Attention Queens. It seems clear to me that here we have an example of the kind of institution that excludes us. We can see the mechanisms of exclusion and the culture from which they stem. We see that we are not the only ones excluded and should speak up for each other.
Opening the Door to the Deliciously Disabled. The deeper issue for me lies in the fact, that by not having access to these spaces, I am denied the opportunity to safely show off my sexuality. I am denied the chance to be anonymous. I am denied the possibility of the prowl, the chase and rolling up in my chair to go in for the kill.
Kiss Me, I'm Gay Irish. They say two LGBTQ groups in Boston were invited to march in the St. Patrick's Day Parade this year.  Progress is measured in years.  We can't always see it.  It moves too slow at times.  But this year, I can certainly attest -- with the changes on parade, the long road to equality has dutifully risen to meet me.
Florida Proposes \Stand Outside My Loo\ Law. The current bifurcated restroom designation contradicts the realities of peoples' sexed bodies, gender identities and gender expressions.
What Stories We Tell. Why They Matter.. Current readers should be aware of what stories are being told and packaged by New York publishing houses and engage in healthy skepticism. Looking beyond the glossies, readers can find gems like Vernita Gray.
This New Publication Is About Two Of Our Favorite Things. 
Here's One Very Important Reason To Love Your Butt. 
Cisplaining, Mind-Reading and Other Mystic Powers of Anti-Trans Experts. It is perfectly okay with me if someone wants to believe that they know more about my gender than I do. However, I kind of have trouble when they try to tell me that I have to take their delusional daydream and create my own personal nightmare.
What's Next For Lesbians In Pop Culture After 'Star Wars'?. 
Catching My Breath -- Teaching My Transgender Son to Drive. As I look back on my life full of obstacles, I vividly remember the moments of overcoming them instead of the strife they caused. I hope as my son grows he will feel the same. The moment of pride and joy received when achieving a goal especially when others doubted your success can never be duplicated.
Boston St. Patrick's Parade To Include Gay Groups For First Time. 
Sharing the Stories of LGBTQ Youth. 
Six Queer-Owned Lingerie Companies To Watch. 
Beyond Marriage Equality. 
This Girl Is About To Become One Of The Most Influential Teens In The World. 
Gay Man Recounts Coming Out to His Devout Muslim Father (VIDEO). 
Here's What Happened After This Dad Put His Two Gay Kids In Therapy For 7 Years. 
How Do We Form And Build Meaningful Relationships In The Digital Age? (NSFW). 
When it Comes to Inclusion, Coaches Matter. Coaches are often teachers, mentors and guides. The impact of a good coach is not limited to the pitch, ice, court, or water, as what they teach us has the potential to shape how we see ourselves. They inspire and instruct, teaching us not only how to play better, but also how to be better.
One Of Our Favorite Trans Teen Just Landed Her Own Reality TV Show. 
FABRICATIONS. 
Two Americas for LGBT People. After the 2014 election we knew we would be losing ground for a couple of years. The crop of incoming conservatives featured many new, terrifyingly crazy anti-LGBT legislators.
'Rebel Heart' Madonna Sounds Off On Gay Fans, Social Media -- And Her Biggest Fear. 
How Gay Porn Helped Build the Gay Rights Movement. Despite his tireless work on behalf of gay and progressive causes, Chuck often remained closeted about his business. Even in death, his name and money carried a stigma.
A Shift in Rhetoric on LGBTI by Iran. Years of international campaigning have finally turned the world's attention to Iran's failure to uphold the human rights of LGBTI people, and perhaps Iran realized that their shameful persecution of individuals based on their sexual orientation, or private intimate acts, is nothing to be proud of.
Being Transgender Naked. So I took off my clothes and told the story of my gender transition for a What's Underneath video, as part of my Being Transgender -- Naked project. The first question that the creators of the series asked me afterward was
A Vine Star Talks Gender. The point of this fashion flashback is to emphasize that if there was a specific moment I 'discovered' I was gender different, it was long before I can remember. I was always me -- always wanting to wear a dress.
Alabama Goes Rogue on Marriage. Well, it seemed like marriage was safe in Alabama, but the state Supreme Court still had a one weird trick up its sleeve. Even though a federal court ordered marriage to begin, the Alabama Supreme Court has now ordered it to stop.
Maybe When We're Alive. 
Dan Savage To Ben Carson. 
Obama Invokes Stonewall In Selma Anniversary Speech. 
This New Instagram Has Some Sassy (And Phallic) Life Tips For Everyone. 
Access to Care Is a Way to Save Transgender Youth's Lives Today. There is a larger educational point that needs to be said loud and clear for the benefit of other families and for transgender or gender nonconforming youth. That message is simple
Rape Happens In Gay Relationships Too. 
Was The Movie \u2018But I'm A Cheerleader' Good For The Gay Community?. 
Madonna. With this thirteenth record, Madonna is telling us she has not, does not, and will not ever stop her campaign against breaking the rules of gender, sex, and the limits placed on her own humanity.
This New Website Allows You To Rate Everything... And Everyone. 
'Mom, I'm Gay, Own a Porn Company, and Am in a Polyamorous Relationship' (VIDEO). Coming out once is hard enough. But for Benjamine Heath, he had to come out to his mother three times, once as gay, once as owning a porn company, and once as being in a polyamorous relationship.
Dr. Ben Carson. As the reputed Republican Hopeless for the 2016 presidential election, Carson takes every opportunity to congratulate himself on his ability to speak his mind at any cost -- the cost in this case being the reinforcement of an utterly nonsensical and dangerous notion, but the cost in all cases being rationality and someone else's well-being.
What Happens When A Career-Driven Gay Couple Decides To Start A Family?. 
Dear Erskine College, God Does Not Hate Gay People. As a Christian, I stand in embarrassment at what some in my religion deem as right and \godly.\ It's the reason I have searched for 8 years, trying to find a church that promotes God's love without exacting man's judgment.
A Sanctuary For LGBT Youth In Foster Care. Sadly, LGBT kids are more likely to be thrown out of their birth homes or to be removed from them as a result of abuse or neglect.
Daniel Murphy. This whole gay lifestyle thing sounds so decadent and hedonistic and sinful, like a two thousand calorie dessert and here I am gay and living my boring little life, paying my children's college bills, remaining faithfully married to my husband and taking out the trash. Clearly, I have missed out.
Alex Trebek Stumps Contestants With 'Jeopardy' Question Most Gay Men Could Answer. 
Where Do Gay Dads Fit Into 'Amazon Mom'?. Being a two-dad family, it was a little annoying to see yet one more thing that made us feel invisible. However, we were still jumping through hoops to complete our adoption, and advocating in our home state to legalize same-sex marriage. We had more important battles to wage.
The 'Queen Of Bounce' Heads For 'Uncharted Territory' In The New Season Of Her Hit Show. 
Here's An Awesome New Way To Help LGBT Homeless Youth. 
Vine's Gay Love Comments. There are far fewer hate comments than there are love comments. As Ms. Swift said, haters gonna hate. But it may be nice to know that lovers gonna love, too. I'm serious.
One World (Not Two). Before kids, we went to Turkey, South Africa and Thailand and even contemplated Lebanon. But after two adoptions and the current state of LGBT rights worldwide, our safe zones have become greatly reduced.
Why Black History Still Hasn't Paved the Way for Black Transgender People. Now, perhaps more than ever before, black people are joining forces and standing up for their rights and recognition. Yet, there is still disharmony within that same united front when it comes to accepting our transgender brothers and sisters.
Trans Woman Opens Up About 'Survival Sex'. 
Here's Why Bisexuals Stand Out In The LGBT Community. 
15 Problems Only Butch Lesbians Understand. 
On Alan Turing, Me and My Son. We know that countless numbers of men and women have been, and continue to be, persecuted simply for being who they are.  We understand how fortunate we are just to be able to raise our children and to glimpse the possibilities in store for them.
Ten Great Gay Love Songs To Crack The Toughest Cynic. 
A First Look At The Hot New Gay Dramas You'll Soon Be Talking About. 
The Small, Scared Animal Within. I have always been a loner. Even as a child, when my family and friends were off attending parties I would be sequestered in my room, sketchpad in hand, stereo by my side, listening to seductive R&B. Solitude was something I took for granted.
When Visibility is not Enough. Failure to adequately protect transgender students means that transgender people and their families often face hostile, unsafe, or unwelcoming school environments. Harassment and violence make it difficult for transgender students to obtain the skills and education they need to succeed.
Depression's Peculiar Grip on Black LGBTQs. I'm writing this multi-part series to shine a bright light on depression's disproportionate impact on Black LGBTQ persons. As one who's suffered from this illness throughout periods of his life, I can attest to its near-crippling effects.
WATCH. Here's their sneaky trick
Dear Queer People. The gains in marriage equality and LGBT rights come on the heels of decades of queer marches, demands and legal challenges. They did not come from trying to not offend hetero-normativity.
George Wallace, Rosa Parks, Stokely Carmichael, and the LGBTQ Movement Beyond Marriage. Gov. George Wallace is a reminder that recognition of basic legal rights is an essential start but just a beginning and is insufficient on its own. Rosa Parks and Stokely Carmichael are reminders that the only way to forever remove George Wallace from our schoolhouse door is to marry the fight for legal equality with a vigorous fight for community strength and vitality.
6 Questions With MILK from Rupaul's Drag Race. In my line of work, I am obviously not buying planes and islands, but goddamn it I absolutely love what I do and at the end of the day, as long as I make enough to enjoy a pint of ice cream every night, I'm good!
50 Shades of Shame. Okay, I saw it. For you, gentle readers, I was tortured for two hours of my precious time and went to see Fifty Shades of Grey, the film. All I can say is I was more disappointed than anticipated... and we all know I had very low expectations.
Can Gay Men 'Have It All?'. Although their looks and achievements are certainly of envy, it's clear that even four of the most attractive and successful undergraduate students take nothing for granted. If anything, holding the appearance of \having it all\ propels them to work even harder to defy any notions that gays are weaker, or lesser, than heterosexuals.
Not Yet Over the Rainbow, or the Unexpected Vigor of Intransigence. Whether the old guard is wising up or dying off is no longer relevant. The gay rights movement is being won person by person, family by family, city by city, with Washington, D.C. a reluctant, self-congratulatory last stop.
Demons of Perfection. Whether it's your weight, your sexuality, issues with your parents, or whatever it is that you beat yourself up for deep down inside, know that you're not perfect. You'll never be perfect. You're not supposed to be perfect. But you will be ok.
Navigating Gender Roles With the Straight Dad of a 4-Year-Old Boy. We live in a rampantly heteronormative world, where little boys are supposed to do little boy things and little girls are supposed to do little girl things. Any deviation from this norm is, more often than not, greeted with derision and fear.
A Conversation With Michael Sam. Sam was in St. Louis to give the keynote speech at an event organized as part of National Black HIV and AIDS Awareness Day, and he was kind enough to agree to answer a few questions. I told him that my interest was in finding out how he sees himself and his place within the gay community and what he thinks his place is within the Black queer community.
On William Friedkin's Cruising, 35 Years On. The film had a storyline that can only be described as salacious and lurid. The narrative naturally beguiled my 16-year-old closeted self, and added to my own internet cruising for doses of gay culture before regularly deleting the browsing history.
This Author Just Released Your Soon-To-Be New Favorite Queer Young Adult Paranormal Novel. 
How the Internet Made Us Gay. There's a lower barrier to entry in opening up Tinder on your iPhone and furtively switching \interested in\ to men than there is in mustering the courage to go solo star at the nearest gay bar, or probe the dubious depths of Craigslist.
Conservative Mom Explains Why Her Trans Daughter's Gender Identity Goes Beyond Personal Politics. 
A Gay Dad's Open Letter To The Texas School That Rejected Out Teen. 
Creating Change for All LGBTQ Advocates and Allies. Each year at the Creating Change Conference, we, in collaboration with our local Host Committee, organize hospitality suites that serve specific groups of attendees for whom the cost of food may be prohibitive.
See The Fresh Blood From 'Drag Race' Live And In Person Before The New Season Premieres. 
The Story Of The First Single Man In California To Successfully Adopt A Child. 
She Takes Everything You Think You Know About Her Sex Life And Shuts. It. Down.. 
WATCH. 
The P**sy Test. You can shake your head or laugh or call it hippy dippy or whatever you like. But a woman's pussy is a wondrous thing with the most amazing parts and abilities, and it is simply not given its due in our culture. We are over-sexualized in theory, and under-experienced in practice.
Here's Why It Really Might 'Get Better' For LGBT Teen. 
Dear Straight People. The point is
Let This Artist Take You On A 'Post-Queer' Political Experience. 
Owning the Big \O\. By only focusing on the above mentioned models of sex and disability, and glorifying the sex worker as a saint of sorts for providing such an invaluable experience, we are again placing people with disabilities at a disadvantage.
Dear BDSM Community. I'm afraid that readers with a new found interest in kink will be headed down a dangerous path without further education. But, it's precisely for those reasons that while I'll be the first to talk about the problems in the series, you won't see me complaining about the franchise.
Why Father's Day Is Extra Significant For These Two Dads. 
Vladimir Putin's 'Official DJ' Loves His Gay Fans. 
A Gay Man's Comprehensive Guide to Reggae Music. Though it may strike you as something less than shocking coming from an analog, Fosse-loving gay guy like me, but I've never cared much for reggae music.  Doesn't everyone like reggae? That said, I do actually like a reggae beat.
Gay Marriage Is Good For Your Health -- Even If You're Not Gay. Given the network of mutuality in which we live, the health of our whole society improves when we uphold the rights for our LGBT brothers and sisters.
Flip-Flops. The longboat dropped us off at the debris-riddled Tonsai coast.  The beach was covered in sharp coral, sand bags, garbage and wood pieces from the Tsunami destruction ten years ago.  We climbed out of the boat with all our luggage on our backs and waded through the water to get to dry land. The four-star treatment stops here.
LGBT Books to Warm Up With. It's been a cold winter.  Very cold.  One of the things that I'm doing to keep warm is to take an imaginary LGBT cruise in my head -- through books -- to exotic lands. The first stop was the land of queer history.
In Alabama, It's The 1960s All Over Again. For the state of Alabama, or any other state, to deny gay couples the equal protection of its laws simply because they're gay is not only wrong and immoral, it's arbitrary, illegal and unconstitutional. It's as simple as that.
Aaron Schock's 'Flamboyant,' 'Racy,' 'Ripped Ab Muscles' 'Lifestyle'. For several weeks now, GOP congressman Aaron Schock has been at the center of negative media attention because of things he is alleged to be hiding, inspiring ethics complaints. But the one thing reporters are not talking about openly -- yet appear to be wink-winking and nudge-nudging about -- is the question of Schock's sexual orientation. This is glaring and curious.
I'm the Same Person - Being Gay and Loving God. Brooke Dozier is an amazing young woman based in Houston, Texas. This author has released her new book on Valentine's Day called \I'm the Same Person - Being Gay and Loving God.\
How Alabama Marriage Equality Got So Messy. Things are finally settling down in Alabama. We'll take a look at just how messy it got last week, and what happens now. Plus, Justice Ginsburg makes some pretty candid predictions for the Supreme Court's upcoming marriage decision.
Why The Success Of 'Imitation Game' Has Greater Implications For The Gay Community. 
'She's Beautiful When She's Angry'. Among the distinct chapters of the film, lesbians have a strong moment, but it will take another film, a sequel hopefully, to do justice to the emotional force of love that swept these millions who found out that women together were complete within themselves and with each other.
50 Shades Of Gay Grey. 
Here's Why Coming Out Early Pays Off. 
The New Rules Of Dating. 
A Gay Dad's Open Letter to the School Censoring a Mural of a Kiss. Kaela Wilton is a 16-year-old student at Onoway Jr./Sr. High School in Alberta, Canada. For an art project, approved by her art teacher and the school principal, she depicted two young men in an affectionate kiss. After its unveiling and subsequent complaints, the school covered the mural and would not allow it to be seen.
'Love Is Not A Choice'. 
Come Expand Your Consciousness Tonight With This Queer Art And Performance Party. 
This Is What #QueerLoveLooksLike (And It's Freaking Gorgeous!). 
What the Supreme Court Can Learn From Ted Cruz. Sen. Cruz's \State Marriage Defense Act\ is unlikely to become law anytime soon. Yet it is a good example of the kind of chaotic reaction the U.S. Supreme Court eventually could unleash if it upheld anti-gay state marriage laws in the case it will hear later this term. Justice Kennedy and Chief Justice Roberts, are you listening?
Why Azealia Banks Will Never Redefine 'Faggot'. Just as a gay man cannot redefine the word \dyke,\ a woman, whether heterosexual, bisexual or homosexual, has no right to use \faggot,\ especially in the name of feminism. And to do so is a shame to feminists everywhere.
The Pakistani LGBT Community's Fight For Rights. 
The Problem With 'Ab Privilege' In The Gay Community. 
Woman Arrested After Trying To Marry Same-Sex Couple In Alabama Speaks Out. 
International Valentine's Contest Aims To 'Evoke Respect And Understanding Of Homosexuality'. 
An Open letter to the LGBTQ Task Force. As Undocumented Queer & Trans* Youth of Color we noticed a repetitive theme in The National Conference on LGBTQ Equality. The conference created an environment where our experiences as youth of color are being told by people who don't necessarily face our situations/struggles.
Outliving Ourselves. For some of us, AIDS was a call to action. We created support systems, or stormed the FDA with Act Up. We stayed fully in the mainstream of our lives. We continued to work, to have relationships, to build a future around a \new normal.\ Some of us lost our way.
Letter to a Relic. After decades of fear mongering and arguments that held no basis in fact, the people of this country have decided that love is truly equal and that not allowing people to marry based on sexuality is something now relegated to the history books.
Alabama Marriage Equality Tantrum Is a Slap in the Face to All Americans. If state judges can get away with ignoring a federal ruling simply because they do not agree with said ruling on whatever grounds, they are giving themselves precedent to ignore any and all federal rulings they do not agree with.
Dairy Queens. Hostel living reminds me of one particular tour adventure I had. We were touring Ireland with the band, and we played a bar gig somewhere in the country where the fee included housing.  Whoa.  Never in my life had I stayed in such a place.
What Happens If You Plan A Strip Club Birthday When You're A Lesbian. 
How Using \u2018They' As A Singular Pronoun Can Change The World. 
Big Dipper Is About To Become Your New Favorite Queer Rapper. 
Meet One Of The First Cross-Service, Same-Sex Military Couple To Wed. 
Watch What Happens When The Ballroom Scene Comes To Life And Serves Runway. 
Am I Transgender Anymore?. On the one hand, I must be
Katy Perry Flirted 'With Satan' And Promoted 'Homosexual Agenda' In Halftime Show, Pundit Claims. 
WATCH. 
Queer As Punk. 
Here's Why You Need To Know Broadway And TV Star Andy Mientus. 
How to Be a Lesbian. I've been learning how to be a lesbian lately, because my boyfriend and I opened our relationship last year. Ten productive months into being a sometimes-lesbian, I still have a lot of questions. So I reached out to Natashia Mower, this lesbian I know personally, to set me, well, gay, I guess.
Owen Tate and His Modern Day Factory. I met Owen Tate when he was DJing at every hot party in and around NYC and found myself at The Space, his house in Port Jervis, NY where there was revolving door of artists, porn stars, web developers, models, painters and photographers coming through every day.
This Gay Texan Couple Shares The Story Of How Their Beautiful Family Formed. 
'RuPaul's Drag Race' Will Start on March 2 with New Judges. 
Under Noelia's Spell. Although Noelia has sold over 5 million albums worldwide, has massed quite a collection of gold and platinum albums and was named \International Star of the Year\ in Italy, in the U.S. she remains relatively unknown.
Being Mugged At Gunpoint Helped This Trans Man Find His True Self. 
Bryan Bishop Talks OUTVETS In Boston's St. Patrick's Day Parade and More (AUDIO). This week I talked with Bryan Bishop, Founder and Executive Director of OUTVETS, the first LGBTQ nonpartisan, nonpolitical veterans organization in the nation. OUTVETS mission is to recognize and honor the contributions and sacrifices of LGBTQ veterans through social interaction and community service.
A Black Queer Boy Sees an HIV Statistic. I was born in 1982. I have known about HIV and AIDS, seemingly, as long as I have known about any real thing of importance. I know how not to contract the virus. It seems so easy. But, life is not easy; it is not a classroom.
Bully My Gay Son at Your Own Risk. We all know how this script is supposed to go
Trans Woman Details The 'Great Danger' She's Faced While Traveling. 
Coming Out. Throughout this process I've left Barrett the boy and have become Barrett the man. A man who released the shame he felt for wanting to love another man. A man who addressed issues that were holding him back. A man who has started to live authentically. A real man.
Women's Bodies and Sexuality Are Not Gross. We are told we don't want sex often enough. We want it too much. We are too made-up. We are not made-up enough. We should love our bodies. We should hate our disgusting bodies. And articles like \8 Things That Actually Gross Guys Out in Bed\ are examples of the worst of this kind of shaming.
WATCH. 
WATCH. In my latest video on relationships, I speak about how to effectively figure out when it's time to move on from a relationship and how to do it in the name of love. I describe how we can know where our stuff ends and our partner's begins, as well as the unique challenges that can come up for gay men when it comes to drawing the distinction.
100 LGBTQ Black Women You Should Know. 
FABRICATIONS. 
Same-Gender Marriage Enters the Twilight Zone. Imagine, if you will, that you've been transported to the future.  It is the 50th anniversary of the legalization of same-gender marriage in all 50 states.  We look in on a high-school history class discussing this significant milestone.  The teacher just asked the class to discuss some of the arguments opposing same-gender marriage.
Buzz About Kristen Stewart's Sexuality Tells Us a Lot About Society's Discomfort with Bisexuality. Invasive photos of Kristen Stewart canoodling on a beach with visual effects producer Alicia Cargile recently surfaced in the tabloids, just as Stewart announced she's quitting Hollywood over privacy issues.
Trans Women of Color Lives Matter. In 2015, we are seeing a disturbing uptick in this trend. We have already seen three homicides of trans women of color in January alone. If we are going to act to prevent one more trans woman of color from losing her life, we must act now.
Poz Retreats. Poz Retreats are international gatherings of people who are either infected or affected by HIV/AIDS who seek to enrich their lives through deeper insights, awareness and connections to both the community and oneself.
Leap of Faith. While on a \bucketlist\ style adventure from South East Asia to Melbourne, Australia, I decided to document my experiences and exercise my writer's brain.
Fifty Shades of Meh. There are a lot of people who would rather get a good spanking than a box of chocolates for Valentine's Day and I'm all for that. The problem I have with Fifty Shades of Grey is that it's BDSM for Dummies, it's BDSM Lite.
WATCH. 
Ode to Football. I revere football because it provides an opportunity in pop culture to wrestle with the complexity of identity. It is often through football, for instance, that TV's Glee confronts gender, sexuality, and marginality.
Addressing The Needs Of Elderly Queer People. 
Wearing Drag In Middle School Saved My Life. 
Dear Mary Cheney. Drag is a celebration. Drag is an attitude.  Characterizing drag queens as \bitchy, catty, dumb, slutty\ is reductive and insulting.  The female persona created by a drag queen is robust, powerful, enduring.  She has moxie, smarts, humor and beauty.
Polyamorous Relationship Lasts 46 Years (VIDEO). The idea of a polyamorous relationship is probably shocking to a lot of people, but for Bob Lanning and his partner Don, who was often away for his job as an airline pilot, it was just the right thing to do.
Here's Everything You Need to Know About What's Going on With Bruce Jenner in One Sentence. No matter how many outlets -- from trashy gossip rags to (supposedly) reputable entertainment magazines -- make claims about Bruce Jenner's current \journey\...
The Rise Of 'Mostly Straight' Dudes -- Why Men's Sex Lives Are More Complicated Than You Think. 
'Matt Shepard Is a Friend of Mine,' and My Son. People see parts of themselves in Matt, both good and bad, and then the message sinks in, that these victims are more than icons or figures. They're people who feel love, pain, happiness and sadness.
All About Otters!. I adore otters. Otters just seem so cute with their furry bodies and impish grins. Their slender frames move effortlesstly in whatever environment they are in.  Every time I see an otter, I smile and hope they see me back.
Meet The 'Twisted, Genius' Composer Who Wants To Bring Darkness To Musical Theater. 
6 Reasons This Gay Man Finally Decided To Marry His Partner After 13 Years. 
Sally Kern, Please Forgive Me. Sally Kern, I repent for the amount of dislike I had in my heart towards you, because I realized you don't know God.  Because, if you do know God like I do then you must realize the hate that has spewed from you is a turnoff for those who desire to be Christ-like.
Community Civility and a Response to the Controversy Over The Vagina Monologues at Mount Holyoke. I'd like to follow up on my previous blog post on the Mount Holyoke College controversy surrounding The Vagina Monologues because of the responses I've received. They've run the gamut from praise to condemnation, from thanks for informing the community of an important event in trans history to constructive criticism as well as vicious name calling.
Family Business. It's crucial for everyone in our community to know that leaving opportunities for health coverage on the table and trying to get along without health care only exacerbates the various health issues that already disproportionately impact LGBT people
How Grindr's Security Loopholes Could Threaten Your Privacy. 
O-Kern-Homa, Where the Hate Comes Sweepin' Down the Plain. Oklahoma State Representative Sally Kern (R) has introduced a bill to officially change the name of the state from Oklahoma to Okernhoma. Kern stated, \By putting my name in the state's name, the people in our great state will be reminded that my opinions are more important than any one person's individual rights.\
Out Alabama Legislator Says She's Received Death Threats After A Pro-Gay Facebook Pledge. 
This 'Tech Bear' Couple Bought 'JebBushForPresident.com' And They Have Big Plans For It. 
How the Mormons Punked the Press. The Mormon church punked the national press yesterday by calling a press conference purportedly about their support of some basic rights for LGBTQ people. The press conference was, in fact, mostly about defending Mormons' right to discriminate.
Je Suis Moi -- I Am Me. I must strive to move beyond my fears, and experience life with open eyes, an open heart and an open mind. I am limited by my unwillingness to embrace the people who have intimate knowledge of the parts of me I have yet to discover; I have yet to embrace.
Gender Sovereignty. If the unconditional love one would think a parent would have for a child instinctively is not enough, and the unconditional love evangelical Christians claim to believe God has for all people is not enough, then let us declare a spiritual revolution and claim our sovereignty as trans people.
The Gay Guy's Guide To Coming Out. Tip #1 - don't do it during the holidays!
Proceed With Caution. Accuracy is absolutely needed to moderate the level of fear of LGBTI Iraqis living in areas controlled by the Islamic State. We know this from experience.
The Newest Celebrity Gay Wedding Officiant Is...Snooki!. 
One Couple's Surprise Journey To The Center Of A Landmark Gay Marriage Case. 
A Story of Love and Top Surgery in Words and Images. Kris said that he knows now that he stopped transitioning because he was terrified of never finding love as a transgender person. But only a couple months later, Kris would start a journey that would prove how very wrong he was.
How Could Anyone Hate The Game?. While I am very much interested in busting through the haze of lust and courtship to find real love, I must be honest, I have no desire at all to stop playing games. When it comes to dating, I absolutely love playing games. I love the entire pursuit.
Of LGBT Youth and Their Parents. No one who has ever come out as gay, lesbian, bisexual or transgender to their family, particularly their parents, will ever forget that life-altering moment. Sometimes the connective thread will be cut; other times that bond will be deepened, enriched by this new reality.
8 Critical Facts About The State Of Transgender America. 
LOOK. 
Are Queer Women More Prone To Binge-Eating?. 
'The Best Thing Is To See How Much Love Can Do For A Human Being'. 
On the 'A' w/Souleo. This past Monday on Martin Luther King Day the themes of social justice, equality, and perseverance resonated strongly for those in attendance at the ninth annual OUTMusic Awards (OMAs). Marketed as \the biggest night in LGBT music,\ the OMAs almost didn't happen.
James Franco Shares Zachary Quinto Kiss Photo Ahead Of 'I Am Michael' Premiere. 
Anti-Gay Group One Million Moms Launches One Million Dads. 
Can A Sandwich Change The Fight For Equality?. 
10 Annoying Chat Tactics to Avoid on Gay Apps. Whether you're looking for a relationship, a new friend or a hot encounter, location-based social apps are a great way to go. But as we all know, apps can bring out some real basic behavior too.
Yes, Billy Crystal DID Just Make A Homophobic Statement (And Here's Why It Matters). That word is admittedly a scary one. Most civilized, sane people don't want to be called homophobic. It doesn't mean that you're murdering gay people. It doesn't even mean that you're a homophobe. But...
Meet The British Muslim Who Founded A Controversial Gay-Friendly Mosque. 
Were Thousands Of Signatures Forged On Petition To Overturn Equal Rights Ordinance?. 
'Imagine Being Laughed At When Using A Public Toilet'. 
Are These New Poppers More Dangerous Than You Think?. 
Everything Married Same-Sex Couples Need To Know About Filing Income Taxes. 
This V-Day, Let's Work Together to Prevent Violence Against All Women and Girls. The V-Day movement and Eve's play continue to evolve and respond to issues of the day, and our work with the movement was meant to be the start of a conversation about including sex and gender minorities. We encourage you to join us in working together to eliminate violence against all women and girls.
Inside The UK's Thriving Muslim Drag Queen Scene. 
Off Limits. If you are ever in doubt about whether to ask some burning question, first ask yourself if you would pose the same question about the body of a non-trans youth or adult, perhaps your own child or a student or neighbor. If the answer is no, don't ask. If you find yourself biting your tongue, keep biting.
A Look At Transgender Sex Workers Living In China. 
Is Fatherhood In Cheyenne Jackson's Future?. 
Why Kevin Hart Says He Won't Play A Gay Character. 
Is the LGBTQ Community Separated by Gender and Race? (VIDEO). Femi Redwood of Milton, Delaware, grew up in an environment that was accepting of both her sexuality and her race, despite the fact that she was one of the few minorities in town. This only made her more observant later in life as she encountered less-accepting people and communities.
WATCH. 
Proposed Bill Would Allow Students To Sue If They See Transgender Students In Certain Bathrooms. 
LOOK. 
\Coming Out\ in Hollywood.. I've been thinking a lot lately about the choice actors or actresses have when they decide to \come out\ publicly. When I did it, I got a lot of people genuinely asking why is it necessary? I'd had discussions often about the fact that straight people needn't \come out\ and a personal life is personal, so why bother saying anything.
'Girls' Star On The Experience Of Shooting His First Onscreen Handjob. 
Appropriate Behavior Writer/Director/Star Opens Up About Being a Bisexual Filmmaker. Desiree Akhavan's first feature film, Appropriate Behavior, written and directed by and starring Akhavan, is generating major buzz. Akhavan was kind enough to make time to sit down with me on the day of her premiere at Lincoln Center. It's safe to say I don't think I've ever laughed this much during an interview.
Thailand Makes HUGE Move For Its LGBT Community. 
Growing Up Gay With Britney Spears. Britney was there for me when my father and stepmother sent me to rehab for being too gay. Her personal struggles before and after the ensuing years helped me as I readjusted back to school and into college. I didn't care if she shaved her head. I just wanted her to be okay and yes, just wished everyone would leave her alone.
Backstage With Adore Delano. I had the opportunity to sit down with Adore Delano backstage after her show at the TLA in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. We chatted social media, ex-boyfriends, her new album, and why she wants to kill Bianca Del Rio.
What Happens When the World's Largest Queer Record Label Closes and No One Notices?. The fact that an organization with a roster of 200 people can find a way to concretely analyze their privilege sets a standard. I want to believe in a world where we do not shy away from conversations about racial justice.
The Sailor Who Fell From Grace. Yukio Mishima's suicide in November 1970, with its grim invocation of samurai machismo, is probably the most famous moment of his legend. It overshadows everything else, including Mishima's three nominations for the Nobel Prize in Literature.
Rest in Peace Leelah Alcorn. A video message about the passing of Leelah Alcorn. A word to parents worldwide. And a message to the LGBTQ youth of the world. Don't let go.
Cleansed, Crisp and Crippled. Let me break it down for you -- when you have a disability requiring sexy wheels, two truths become apparent.
A Look at the Psychology of Why You're Attracted to the People You Want to Date. In this video I break down some of the psychological nuts and bolts of what makes us attracted to the people we want to date. I also mention the unique challenges that gay men and queer people overall face, and how insight into what otherwise has been chalked up to \magic\ can help our relationships in the long run.
Panti Bliss Just Made Another Important Statement About Street Harassment. Bliss isn't asking for you to consider more carefully the little things - like holding your partner's hand - so that you too feel what she's felt her entire life. She's asking for a greater understanding of your privilege, because all the little things she experiences add up to something pretty big. And that's significant.
Why We Made the Controversial Decision Not to Cut a Gay Character From Our Faith Film. When shopping our film around, we were asked to cut Trevor and his entire storyline. Major studio players and sales agents at big agencies all the way down to smaller distribution houses all said they \loved the film\ but needed Trevor to be cut simply because he was gay, as the \core Christian audience will not accept a gay character.\ It wasn't a discussion but an ultimatum.
Putting It Together in 2015. We don't have to be the same to give each other credit and respect. We don't have to be bossy to teach. Our differences challenge us, but also enrich us.
Luca Steals His Mom's Lipstick. 
Apology Letter to Leelah Alcorn. Leelah please hear this
Are You Ready For The Biggest Logo TV Programming Bonanza Ever?. 
WATCH. 
Leelah Alcorn's Suicide. 
Why Leelah Alcorn's Suicide Is Indicative Of Greater Issues For Transgender Youth. 
Remembering Leelah. 
Saks Claims It Has the Right to Discriminate Against Transgender Employees. 
A Look Back At The Days Of Proposition 8. 
Which State Will Be The Next To Legalize Same-Sex Marriage?. 
Michael Sam Reportedly Engaged To Longtime Boyfriend. 
The Surprise Impact Of China's New Gay Dating App. 
TLC's My Husband's Not Gay. While this program might seem like an accurate portrayal of the lives of gay Mormons, it's not. It's actually a symptom of a serious problem inside the LDS Church and our Mormon community when it comes to understanding LGBT individuals as a whole, and it proliferates a damaging -- and even deadly -- message, especially for LGBT Mormon youth.
It Takes a Village. There is a lot of hurt on all sides that boils to the surface when we learn of the suicide of a teen who was desperate for clarity, for acceptance, for love, and for inner peace. But instead of doing the challenging work of finding entry points for discussion that can lead to understanding and eventually acceptance and healing, so often we're reinforcing this \us vs. them\ dichotomy.
Celebrity Chefs Art Smith And Duff Goldman Want To Give Your Dream Gay Wedding. 
You Would Like Your Church to Be Trans-Welcoming. You have talked it out with church leaders and maybe even the congregation, and you have decided that you would like your church to be more welcoming to transgender people.
Respect for Marriage. But please - with all due respect - let's stop perpetuating the lie that marriage equality is a threat to religious liberty. Because nothing could be further from the truth. And that, you will recall, is covered in the Ninth Commandment.
Supporting the HIV-Positive Community Requires New Tools for Ending Stigma. When we at Hornet, a gay social network with 4.4 million users, launched our \Know Your Status\ campaign in 2011, it was received with such fanfare that we decided to make it a permanent feature in our app. Now, in light of new science, the feature is evolving with significant enhancements.
House Music Icon Celebrates Sobriety and a Remix on Life. Dec. 31 marked seven months of sobriety for this veteran entertainer, who admits that consuming alcohol had been a regular feature of his life since he first started performing in nightclubs at age 21.
Justice for Leelah Alcorn. In an effort to hasten change, the Transgender Human Rights Institute has begun a petition calling for a permanent end to transgender conversion therapy in Leelah's name. At this point, only with help from the federal government can we hope to see differences made quickly in the United States on this front.
Revolt and Unity Under the Chuppah. Coming from a Middle Eastern Orthodox heritage, and insulated from lesbian and gay communities, it takes a rebellion to change age-old customs. Rabbi Wolpe took the chance. He risked losing up to half of his Persian congregants. The financial loss would have been substantial, and the split painful.
Kylar Broadus. In 2012 Kylar made history by becoming the first openly transgender person to testify before the U.S. Senate. He was speaking in favor of the Employment Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA), which would prohibit employment discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity. His truthful speech touched me then, and he continues to fight for transgender people now.
Florida Marriage Equality Is Still in Jeopardy. After a lot of confusion, the picture's finally clearing up in Florida. And it's looking pretty good
When Being Trans Is Not Trans Enough. Let us not forget that transgender is an umbrella that encompasses all persons whose authentic identity does not conform unambiguously to conventional notions of male or female genders and assigned gender at birth. Male and female are increasingly being presented as two distinct states, with nothing between.
15 LGBT Must-Dos in 2015. The ball has dropped, the champagne has popped and the partygoers have kissed. It's a new year. Now, it's time to think about your travel calendar. Before you know it, the planet will tilt and then you'll be roasting turkey and you don't want to think, \I never got to wear that harness.\ That would be tragic.
Of Rose Parades in Pasadena & Marriage Equality in Florida. Yes, we are still on a journey toward making that dream of liberty and justice for all not just a pledge we make to our flag but a reality we live in our nation. And next week -- when same-sex couples start getting married in Florida -- we will be a little closer to that goal.
The Transgender Life. 
Alleged Anti-Gay Hate Crime Caught On Tape In Atlanta. 
How A Football Game Changed Inspired This Man To Build A Beautiful Family. 
'You're Really Nice, but I Don't Date Black Guys'. Nelson Moses Lassiter was excited about coming to terms with his sexuality. He imagined that, upon venturing out into the gay scene, he'd encounter a world more accepting than the one he was used to. What he discovered was not unlike the one he came from, though.
Trans Teen's Mother. 
21 Iconic Moments That Made Us Proud To Be Queer In 2014. 
Beginning a History of Marriage Equality. If journalism is a first draft of history, the movement for marriage equality deserves many more drafts quickly. While Solomon's Winning Marriage is rich, certainly there are other stories still to be told.
Gay Men. January is often the month when many of us feverishly start to fulfill or come up with what we want to change in our own lives in the coming year. We become a nation of wide-eyed idealists, hell-bent on doing more, becoming more and repairing the so-called chinks in our armor.
The FDA Responds to Criticism of 'Loosening' Ban on Blood Donations From Gay and Bi Men. If men who have sex with men must be celibate for a year, then everyone else should be held to that standard too. If they can determine risk level for heterosexuals on a case-by-case basis, then they should do it for men who have sex with men as well. Assess the risk, test the blood, and treat everyone the same. It's really that simple.
24-Year-Old Trans Man Dies By Suicide in Pittsburgh. I remember reading about his death, but he was misgendered in the original article.  I had no idea he was part of our community.
The Top 2014 LGBT Stories From Latin America. The region continues to be at the forefront of some of the most progressive lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) events in the world, often with the support from the United States.
Unconditional Love. I have been thinking about the word \unconditional\ a lot this year. As I delve deep into the issues of homeless LGBTQ youth, I often hear the youth say that what they are most missing are consistent adults in their lives, ones who can provide a safety net -- and unconditional support.
I am Punk Rock. Now I truly understand, I am 'counterculture' simply because I live my life on my own terms. I am punk rock because I don't let the opinions of others police my interests.
19 Ways Of Looking At Queer Life That Made Us Think Differently In 2014. 
Flashback. 
Supreme New Year's Resolution. The Supreme Court will decide shortly whether to review and decide a marriage equality case before its current term ends in June. Many are praying for this, eager to wrap up an issue long past the tipping point that folks are sick of discussing. But there is a more important reason the Court should act now.
New Legislation Has This Nation's Gay Community 'Overwhelmed By Fear'. 
Taco Bell Responds To 'Leaked' Gay Commercial. 
A Drag Queen's New Year's Wish List. As a drag queen, I play with gender roles and this has led me to develop a great respect for my transgender brothers and sisters who are not playing at anything, but are simply being who they were born to be.
WATCH. 
The 85 Most Powerful Comings Out Of 2014. 
Inspired By Robin Williams, Margaret Cho Is On An Incredible Mission To Help Homeless. 
Pop Quiz. 
Big Brother Is NOT Watching. 
A Gay Dad's Open Letter To Two Fathers Who Gave Up Their Christmas For Homeless LGBT Youth. 
How Nick Jonas' 'Queer Baiting' Is REALLY Paying Off. 
Meet The Incredible Woman That Is Fighting To Create LGBT Acceptance In The Mormon Church. 
WATCH. 
29 Of The Queerest Christmas Songs. 
FDA Continues Blood Libel of Gay Men. Previously, any gay man who ever had sex with another man, no matter how \safe\ the sex, was deemed too risky to donate blood. Now they are banned only if they had sex within the last year. These regulations were put into place during the height of the HIV/AIDS hysteria.
The Secret to Staying Together. The secret to staying together is staying together, but more than that it is caring enough to see the world through someone else's eyes and saying, I see you. Not just the bluster or hubris, but the soft core inside that is oftentimes hidden from the harshness of the world. I see you.
Bisexual. In my talk with David and Ashton I gathered that they are looking to create programs that are not only entertaining but will also educate people on some of the difference that make up or world. The two of them decided to create a production company catered to that.
WATCH. 
Here's What It's Like To Be Gay In Iran. 
Gay 'Agenda' Not Even Close When It Comes to Religious Persecution. It might be useful to remember what other threats to religious liberty have actually existed in the \history of our existence as a nation.\
Obama Administration Brings Global LGBTI Community Together to Advance Human Rights and Development. The resounding international LGBTI-affirming commitments in the communique are a direct result of strong U.S. Government support to organize as inclusive a convening as possible.
What If My Child Weren't Transgender?. I've been asked many times before if I fear that my son will \change his mind.\ What if he \decides he wants to be a girl again\? What if I made a mistake by allowing him to transition at such a young age? I know that without walking a mile in my shoes, it's hard to understand. So let's pretend my child wasn't born to be transgender.
Gay 'Agenda' Is The 'Greatest Threat To Liberty' That The U.S. Has Ever Seen, Pundit Claims. 
20 Books That Changed The Way We Felt About Ourselves As LGBT People. 
Understanding The Hurdles To Gender Confirmation Surgery. 
There's An Awesome New Way You Can Help Raise Awareness About Anal Cancer. 
Here's How You Can Help LGBT Survivors Of Prison Rape This Holiday Season. 
Busted. What's more annoying than the constant ringing of bells by Salvation Army donation-bucket volunteers during the holiday season? The organization's longstanding, outspoken homophobia, of course!
In Memory of Danny Garvin, One of the Heroic Homeless LGBT Youths Who Fought in the Stonewall Uprising (PHOTOS). Danny was never able to forget what it meant to be a homeless teen. He overcame homelessness and built a good life for himself, but he bore the scars in his psyche, and in his body. He contracted hepatitis while he was homeless; it shortened his life.
Reflections on My BOYSTOWN Series. Once I recognized my passion for interesting characters and continuing storylines, an idea was born
Empathy and Kindness. At the same time, events like the ones in Ferguson, Staten Island and Cleveland, and the responses to them dominate the news. All of these things remind us of the truth that anytime anyone is treated less than equal because of who they are, we are diminished as people.
Do We Know Enough About HPV?. 
A Special About Guys Who Are Attracted To Men But 'Aren't Gay' Is Coming To TLC. 
Who Are We to Judge (Uganda)?. What tests my patience, what troubles me beyond all else, is our propensity for pointing the finger at others while ignoring our own flaws. The truth is that the U.S. is not yet at a point where it can self-righteously condemn others for their intolerance toward LGBT people, at least not with a straight face. Someday we will get there, and we will lead by example. But not today.
Why Won't the FDA Let Me Donate Blood?. On 9/11, after the towers fell to ash, I headed toward the New York Blood Center. I faced one of the most acute moral quandaries I've yet to confront
When Life Hands You Anti-Gay Lemons.... After viewing his sermon and interview, in honor of Pastor Steven L. Anderson, I made donations to a center here in New York City that provides assistance to homeless LGBT youths, and to an organization that delivers meals to people living with HIV/AIDS, cancer and other serious illnesses.
Honor Every Veteran. In truth, of course, no one deserves first-class treatment more than the men and women, like Paula, who have given so much to our country. And they certainly shouldn't have to wait until they're dead - or even longer than that - to be treated with the dignity and respect they deserve.
Law Professor. We verily hope, pray and believe that the Professor Leonard's bold assertion that same-sex marriage will become the law of the land next year will come to pass. It is my prediction that Professor Leonard is right. The United States of America will finally recognize that love transcends gender.
When Love Overcomes Fear (VIDEO). In the second episode of The Pearl of Africa, I take you deeper into Cleo and Nelson's life, showing something that's rarely highlighted when talking about transgender people in Uganda
A Stonewall Riots Veteran Remembered. 
LGBT Rights. The recent mid-term elections marked a blazingly clear reversal of fortune for the Democrat and Republican political agendas. What's less obvious is how the reverberations will affect the LGBT (lesbian, gay, bi-sexual and transgender) movement.
Dear White Gays. As we achieve rights, safety, opportunity, and status, will we forget ourselves? Will we forget where we came from? The \u202a#\u200eBlackLivesMatter\u202c uprising is an incredible moment for us to define who we really are.
The Past Is Never Dead. Federal Judge Carlton W. Reeves in his eloquent opinion striking down Mississippi's marriage equality ban noted William Faulkner's famous observation
Arab Organizations Denounce Persecution Of Gays And Complicity Of Egyptian Media. 
Mean Gays. As I've observed my own behaviors and those of my peers, friends, and acquaintances, I've become increasingly certain that the gay community is no longer a true community at all but a hierarchy of cliques and labels.
Legendary Hulk Hogan Says Pro Wrestling Has Moved Past Its 'Barbaric Mindset' About Gays. Not long ago, sports -- including big-time wrestling -- were less accommodating for gay competitors. Only recently have most pro athletes remained active in their chosen careers after coming out.
Are Bisexual Women More Prone To Substance Abuse?. 
Meet The Genderqueer Vine Star Changing Hearts And Minds One Hashtag At A Time. 
NYC Nightlife Icons Transform James. St. James. 
Is This The World's Craziest Anti-Gay Marriage Protest Yet?. 
Hate Crime Laws Will Not Stop Bigotry. Hate crime laws punish discriminatory violence, but they cannot begin the important work of preventing it. Only we can, by speaking for the multitude that suffers every day in America from bigotry.
How Did a Visit to a Barbershop Change a Transgender Man's Life? (VIDEO). When Charlie Poulson began his gender transition in college, his transition was followed with great interest by the people in small-town Ames, Iowa. Everyone knew he was transgender. But then he went on a trip to Rome.
We're Here, We're Queer, We're Covered!. This year, young LGBTQ adults who still lack health insurance have another chance to sign up and reap the benefits of coverage. Some of those benefits include free HIV screenings, depression screenings, well-woman visits and preventive services such as pap tests and mammograms.
Becoming Willing to Tell Our (Tragically) Unflattering but Still (Super) Effective Stories of Trans Allyship. I've been asked to write about my own journey as a gay woman who is an out-and-proud trans ally, and I feel not brave but kind of useless. Let me explain.
If It's Not One Thing, It's Your Mothers. The doctor didn't expect to find what he found. It wasn't ovarian cancer but it certainly was everywhere. Her biopsy went to the cancer board -- you know, the one filled with the \experts\ who would try to figure out what we were dealing with.
The Other Show's Second Anniversary Serves Classic Numbers and Rising Drag Race Queen. The Other Show demonstrates the amount of queer creativity centered in Atlanta. There are a lot of divas who make it to our stages, but only the fiercest survive. With a devoted following, a rising diva in the form of Violet Chachki, and a creative no-rules ethos, this is the place to see drag in Atlanta.
Where Are All The LGBTQ-Inclusive Sex Ed Books?. 
'RHOBH' Star Brandi Glanville Opens Up About Her Sexuality. 
Anti-Gay Church Members Kidnap, Assault Gay Man. 
The Dark Ages of Queerdom. For my graduate research I interviewed \Bernie\ and other lesbians about their lives in the 1940s, '50s, and '60s. Their stories have haunted me since. These stories, and the experiences of gay men, bisexuals, and transgender people told to me by friends and friends of friends, are woven throughout my first novel, Blackmail, My Love.
Courtney Act and the Queens of Christmas!. Being that it is summer in Australia at Christmastime Courtney regaled us with tales of dreaming of a white Christmas Down Under -- and holiday hilarity soon ensued.
Is Your Online Persona Killing Your Game?. In the age of digital dating your online persona can make or break you. With as much as 70 percent of gay couples now meeting online, it's difficult to argue the importance of your online persona. Mountains of revealing personal information is available to any potential love interest with a just few simple keystrokes.
Olympics Officials Make HUGE Pro-Gay Move. 
LOOK. 
NYC Makes AMAZING Move On Behalf Of Its Transgender Residents. 
My First Experiment in Non-Monogamy. My last relationship was a gay, polyamorous, open, interracial threesome. (I know, very 2013.) In a time when gay couples are becoming remarkably mainstream, we were \destroying the sanctity of gay marriage,\ I would often joke. Some didn't find it funny.
Court Orders Florida to Start Letting Gay Couples Marry in One Month. Marriage could be coming to Florida sooner than we expected. Plus, after last week's big win, the Mississippi lawsuit is now on the fast track to an appeal. And Kansas just lost their latest attempt to hold back the start of marriage.
Don't Let Seoul's Mayor Buckle to Homophobia and Transphobia. As mayor, Mr. Park halted the enactment of Seoul's Charter of Human Rights for the city's upcoming observance of Human Rights Day. Why? The Charter included a provision stating support for non-discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity.
I Was Banned From a Gay Dads' Group for Raising Michael Brown. The night Darren Wilson walked away from an indictment in the shooting death of Michael Brown, I was banned from one of my favorite social-media groups, a group for gay dads. It seems that this group was not the place to talk about race, policing and what happened in Ferguson.
What's The Most Effective Way To Fight HIV In The Trans Community?. 
WATCH. 
The Day I Held My Boyfriend's Hand. I held my boyfriend's hand the other day. I caught it and held it until we reached the main gates of University College Cork, as I usually do on campus, only this time I didn't let go after we'd passed through. We moved along the Western Road, toward Washington Street, and as we reached the innards of Cork City, something strange lingered over me.
My Children Don't Know I'm a Lesbian. I'm not the type of person who likes to keep secrets. I grew up in a house where secrets floated in the air at all times, and I never liked to keep track of who knew what. But when I realized at the age of sixteen that I was a lesbian, I suddenly had my own secret to keep track of.
What Should An LGBTQ Person Do During The Holidays?. Recently a colleague put me in touch with Orie Givens IV, the host of Queer Minded, to discuss issues that may be encountered by LGBTQ people during the holidays. Here are potential scenarios that could apply to you as an LGBTQ person during the holidays.
Anti-Gay Pastor Who Wants To 'Execute Homos' To End AIDS Is About To Get A Big Surprise. 
Who Are We to Judge a Country Like Uganda?. 
WATCH. We asked New Yorkers to finish the sentence, I can get married, but I still can't... and here's how some of them responded.
26th World AIDS Day. While a few still wage a lonely and wasteful fight against science and progress itself, it is time to acknowledge that we finally have the opportunity to move on from a monotonous, one-way conversation and use our new tools as catalysts for serious and much-needed change.
Barbra Streisand Is the Mastermind Behind a Gay, Liberal Conspiracy to Make Us Believe Climate Change Is Real. I am gay, so I was required to worship La Streisand when I signed up for my Gay Card. But now that Sen. Inhofe has opened my eyes to her devilry, I am disappointed in my diva. I feel safer knowing that the senator may take over the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee.
Kyle Brincefield Talks Taking His Brand Studmuffin NYC From Chelsea Clubs to Vogue (NSFW SLIDESHOW). I've been aware of Studmuffin NYC by Kyle Brincefield for a while, and I've been seeing his brand blow up this year. He was kind enough to hang out with me for a while, so I ended up with far more interview than space allows. Please check out the slideshow to learn more about all the things Kyle is working on right now.
AIDS. I can barely remember a time before AIDS. I graduated high school in May 1981 at age 17. The day after graduation, I moved to Indianapolis to escape both farm life and parents unable to handle an out son. When I got there, I was shocked not only to discover so many others like me.
Focus on Uganda's LGBT Bill Is a Lesson in Our Hypocrisy. Surely everyone reading this is well aware of the issues surrounding the LGBT bill in Uganda. And as the world leapt to its feet, passionately denouncing this one bill in this one country, I waited for that same outrage to be directed at all the other places where this is happening in equal measure. I'm still waiting.
Mom Retracts Birth Announcement 19 Years Later For Truly Incredible Reason. 
Filmmakers Slammed For Featuring Gay Santa In New Documentary. 
NYC's Seminal Gallery Of Satan To Showcase At Select Fair During Art Basel Miami Beach. 
These Amazing Individuals Have Dedicated Their Lives to the Fight Against AIDS. 
How to Ensure 'It Gets Better' Now for LGBTQ Youth. For decades, the country has approached the HIV/AIDS epidemic focused on individual behavioral risk. But, research shows that is only one part of the equation.
Here's How SCRUFF Is Moving Beyond 'HIV Status' On Its App. Our community is still struggling with how to communicate about HIV and how to treat those who are HIV positive. This is especially evident in the way we are accustomed to asking guys to disclose HIV status online, which has remained largely unchanged since the advent of profile-based websites over 20 years ago.
After Dark. 
A Look At Some Of Hollywood's Most Notorious Gay Murders. 
Why Parents Should View Their Transgender Children 'With Joy'. 
Was The Film 'Philadelphia' Actually Good For The Gays?. 
Is 'Coming Out' a Western Construct?. Why is Western society so obsessed with pulling people into certain categories? In an era when sexuality is increasingly understood to be a fluid spectrum, why must we assume that any non-oppressive society must have its fair share of \out-of-the-closet\ homosexuals?
What Is The Dating World Like For The Transgender Community?. 
These Two Women Unexpectedly Found Each Other... And Then Made A Beautiful Family. 
Formerly Gay and for Rent. It's a cold day indeed when you find yourself huddled against what used to be the Rawhide bar, bitterly surveying a vanilla-speckled permafrost of banks and franchises and chain stores. Is it not enough that the pharmacies and Starbucks outnumber the sex shops and watering holes, and have for quite some time?
LOOK. 
Don't Let Others' Expectations Limit You!. On Sunday last week I had an opportunity to indulge my other passion, acting, with a reading of Spring at the Willowbrook Inn. I know for many it was quite a jump to see me go from Olympic diver to actor, and yes, I have seen many an eye roll -- \Oh, not another one!\ -- but performing is where it all began for me.
LOOK. 
Rejected. You are going to be rejected. It is true, and it is going to happen eventually. Someone is going to shut you down before they get to know you because you are living with HIV. It sucks, it isn't fair, and there is nothing that you can do about how they feel. But you can stop equating rejection with loss.
Justin Luke Zirilli Talks New Book The Gay Gospel and LGBT Equality (AUDIO). This week I talked with Justin Luke Zirilli about his new book, The Gay Gospel, a survival guide written specifically for 20-something gay men that tackles dating, sex, breakups, family issues, personal finance and more.
Mike Nichols Saved Our Lives!. Mike was a mensch.  He was the wittiest man I ever broke bread with, and he was a quiet philanthropist who saved lives while he was influencing \the American century.\  He improved the quality of life of countless men and women, many of whom died, but many of whom, gratefully, live on.
WATCH. Some people have been asking if there will be a second season. Stay tuned! It might be better than a second season. In the meantime please enjoy these clips of me laughing at everything.
You Won't Believe The Pro-Gay Move This Chick-Fil-A Just Made. 
I Didn't Choose to Be Gay, but I Would!. The other day my friend and I were talking about the ridiculous notion that being gay is a choice rather than a biological disposition.  He asked, \What man would choose to be gay?  Being straight is so much easier!\ I thought about it for a moment. Is it?
Thousands Rally To Support Reality Stars The Duggars In Aftermath Of Anti-Gay Controversy. 
Are LGBT Workers Facing Less Discrimination?. 
Why Should You Know About C. P. Cavafy?. Now, this may seem a bit extreme in support of a dead poet but maybe you are not familiar with Constantine P. Cavafy.  The translations of his words are timeless.
Here's How To Get Tom Of Finland In Your Bedroom. 
Will The Gay Blood Ban Be Lifted?. 
After Dark. 
Bearded Drag Queen Conchita Wurst Releases Breathtaking New Video. 
Diva Plans A 'Musical Feast' Which Celebrates Joy, Sorrow, And Competing Truths. 
This 'Boy' I Met in Afghanistan Has a Secret. When you travel, sometimes it's not so much about the place you travel to but the people you meet. And sometimes the people you meet can be a little... out there.
I Am the Eccentric Relative in My Family. I don't spend a lot of time with my family in general. I think the main reason is that I'm the crazy-progressive-political relative, but part of it is that I'm a lesbian -- one who doesn't blend and pass quietly as an unmarried lady with a lady roommate who happens to come along to family events. Few people are overtly rude, but the expectation that I not make waves is very strong.
New Drama About Two Queer People At Crossroads In Their Lives In The Works. 
An Evening With Queer Icon Kate Bornstein. 
The Film 'Heartland' Tells the Story of Coming of Age and Coming Out in Oklahoma. The film Heartland is not your typical coming out film. It's important that movies start transcending to places where central characters just happen to be gay, it isn't the central theme of the story, it's just a fact.
WATCH. 
5 Ways The President's Plan On Immigration Helps LGBT Immigrants. 
Matthew Shepard's Mom. 
Despite Progress, Transgender Activists Still Fear They Face An Uphill Battle. 
Why 'Kidnapped For Christ' Isn't Anti-Christian, It's Anti-Hate. 
We All Deserve Justice. The U.N. General Assembly's main committee dealing with human rights adopted an updated version of a biannual resolution to demand justice for all killings based on discriminatory grounds, including murders motivated by a person's real or perceived sexual orientation or gender identity.
A Unique Love Story About a Ugandan Transgender Woman. I've been following Cleo's life up close for 18 months, and we're still shooting. I even moved in with Cleo and her straight boyfriend, Nelson, during one of my trips to Kampala, getting to know them both as human beings and as friends. Having been forced to live apart only to find each other once again in a foreign country, their love story is a true inspiration.
After a Gay Man Is Set Ablaze, a Community Comes Together (UPDATE). During a benefit being put on by an LGBT watering hole in the city of Greensboro, North Carolina, organizers learned that Steve had succumbed to complications from the brutal attack he endured a week before. Found naked, beaten, robbed and set on fire, the gay Iraq War veteran spent the last week fighting for and ultimately losing his life.
'People's Couch' Hunk Gears Up For The Holidays In A Very Big Way. 
(Not) Finding Love Through Textual Chemistry. Technology is a danger of the contemporary dating landscape. I don't have it all figured out, but I have developed the \Donovan Rule:\ No frequent calling or texting before the first meeting - and no overnight bags on Date 1.
#weekinLGBT with Rob Smith. 
Colin Farrell's AMAZING Plea For Marriage Equality On Behalf Of His Gay Brother. 
USAID Leads as the United States Strengthens Its Commitment to the LGBT Community. While this is only a beginning in studying this issue, it seems clear that giving people their rights and allowing them to participate fully in society, particularly economic society, is beneficial to countries.
Principal. 
Why Did The U.S. Lock Up These Women With Men?. 
We Need to be Better PrEPared. By now, many of you may have seen the headlines or read news about what sounds like encouraging results, announced in late October, about two clinical trials of PrEP (pre-exposure prophylaxis) in gay and bisexual men.
What Is It Like Inside The Mind Of A Homophobe?. 
Time for the Supreme Court to Establish Full Constitutional Protection for LGBT People. Heightened judicial review of governmental discrimination against LGBT people would establish constitutional protections for LGBT Americans with respect not just to marriage, but also to any way in which the government discriminated against us based on sexual orientation or gender identity.
What Is It Like To Come Out As A Trans Person And Then Transition?. 
When Pregnancy Is Fatherhood. 
Wrestling Is Gay. 
LOOK. 
Psychic Fall Cometh!. 
A Mom's Letter Introducing Her Transgender Daughter. I am the fortunate parent who lives in awe of her 15-year-old child, whose courage and conviction to live authentically in a largely unfamiliar and often less-than-friendly world is humbling. And as she has grown into herself, so too have those around her.
One Of Our Favorite Web Series About Trans Masculine Friends Is Back. 
Thou Shalt Never Meet a Gym Crush. There are certain rules in our dating culture that even though never formally stated, still somehow become ingrained within us all. To spare you the pain of making the same mistake that I recently did... added to this tacit list of romantic do's and don't's should be another decree. Thou shalt never meet a gym crush.
Man Who Claimed To Be 'Delivered' From Being Gay Insists Viral Testimony Is Legitimate. 
LOOK. 
Bette Midler Shares Her Advice For Drag Queens Wanting To Pay Tribute. 
Boycott the World Cup and Demand Equality. Organizations like FIFA and the country of Qatar take away from the true spirit of the sport through their discrimination. Discriminating over one's sexual preference is uncalled for in any and all circumstances. It's common sense that homosexuals are no better or worse than anyone else, and should be left alone to live life on their own terms.
Major LGBT Advocates Who Had Previously Buried the Lede Come Out of the Closet -- Except One. I would like to return to the post that generated the most debate and heat, \Burying the Lede
Gay Acceptance Is Rising Globally, Study Says. 
On My 50th Birthday, a Letter to Myself at 17. I see you at 17 -- feathered hair, parachute pants, asymmetrical smile. You have just graduated from high school. Despite your outward ebullience, I see that, beneath the jocular fa\u00e7ade, you are so very sad.  Of this you are (mostly) unaware.
Here I Wait. Funny what a difference time can make in one's life. When I first came out of the closet 20 plus years ago, marriage really wasn't something I was concerned about or even really interested in.
Binyavanga Wainaina and Me. The award-winning Kenyan writer Binyavanga Wainaina is many things to many people. For some, including me, he is simply one of the most imaginative and gifted writers at work today. For others, and again I include myself in this list, he is a pan-African cultural hero.
Trans 201. 
'My Family Kicked Me Out for Being Gay'. It's one of the most common statements we hear when a young adult first contacts the Hetrick-Martin Institute, the nation's oldest and largest nonprofit organization that provides life-saving services to at-risk LGBTQ youth ages 13 to 24. In fact, about 80 percent of HMI youth are homeless or lack secure housing, most often because of family rejection for identifying as LGBTQ.
LOOK. 
Is The Battle Against 'Ex-Gay' Therapy More Important Than Marriage Equality?. 
What Really Makes A Man... A Man?. I spent years faking interest in football, baseball, and basketball and pretending Adam Sandler movies were funny and getting shot with a paintball was enjoyable. If you could have branded me with a label on my forehead that let the world know I was in fact manly, I would have begged you to do it. Though never once did I ask myself what being a man actually meant to me.
My Lesbian Mom Died Terrified of Going to Hell. I was orphaned when my mother Millie died nine years ago. My biological mother went back to being a Jehovah's Witness and now says she regrets being with Millie for 20-some-odd years. \Les di un mal ejemplo,\ she says. That's B.S. See, Millie is the one who loved me -- tender, unconditional, I-believe-in-you love.
HIV Testing Kits... From A Bathhouse Vending Machine?. 
Meet The First Openly Gay Man Elected To Idaho's House Of Representatives. 
After Dark. 
Was The Movie \u2018The Birdcage' Good For The Gays?. 
Take An Emotional Trip To The Gay Rodeo With Lisa Ling. 
The Center's Mike Thompson Says 'P.S., I Love You Because...'. In recent months, for a variety of media outlets, I've been thrilled to interview people about why they love my hometown of Palm Springs, California, hence the headline, \P.S., I Love You Because...\
Sober Trans Housing. Besides struggling to accept themselves, which is hard enough, transgender individuals face higher rates of suicide, homelessness, addiction and discrimination. And when it comes to getting help for substance abuse issues, trans people face a unique set of challenges.
'AHS. 
George Takei Has The Perfect Response To Dumb Questions About Gay People. 
The Kids Are All Right. Despite studies proving otherwise, some people still insist that children are being ruined by this type of family dynamic. They deem homosexual couples as \unfit\parents, but don't seem to have concrete or legitimate evidence to substantiate their claims.
Queer and Selfie Loathing in NYC (Part 3). My generation has been force-fed the notion that to be loved, to be special, to be something or somebody, one has to be a star. And I bought into it with certainty. From the moment I understood my reflection was I and I he, a star was born.
WATCH. 
This Is What Happened When I Tried Banning Conversion Therapy in Minnesota. Having same-sex marriage legalized one year prior gave us hope that our bill would be heard and eventually passed; if our legislators approved marriage equality, surely they would advocate for the restriction of a practice that treats homosexuality as a curable disorder.
You've Never Seen Grindr Like This Before. 
Queer and Selfie Loathing in NYC (Part 2). To keep up appearances -- and New York is a city of appearances -- one must always compete, and sex is simply another leg to have up on the other guy. Literally and figuratively. The competitive nature of New York is what drew me here, inspiring me to better myself in the pursuit of being the best. But the best what? What am I fighting for here but the preservation of my vanity?
The Good, Bad And Ugly Of What Happened When My Husband Came Out As Trans. Until one year ago we were perceived as an ordinary family when it came to composition
What I've Learned Since Coming Out. I feared being alienated when deciding to come out, but instead I felt welcomed. The overwhelming support from WWE, my fellow WWE Superstars and Divas, and my fans has been fantastic. This positive outpouring has eclipsed any negativity, and I only wish I had known that earlier.
Another Nation To Adopt A Russian-Style 'Gay Propaganda' Law?. 
After Dark. 
New Study With 'On-Demand' PrEP Before Sex Has Encouraging Results. 
5 Things This Gay Man Learned From Dating Abroad. Eight years, eight cities
10 Reasons It's Awesome to Be a Black Gay Man. I recently came across a piece by a black gay man who seems to need a bit of help when it comes to realizing how awesome he is, so I've come up with 10 reasons it's utterly amazing and pretty awesome to be a black gay guy.
How Saved by the Bell Helped Me With My Gender Transition. Saved by the Bell taught me absolutely nothing about gender transition, but co-creating and producing Bayside! The Musical! has taught me to take big leaps of faith, learn from my mistakes, and believe in myself -- all the tools I needed to come out as transgender several months ago.
My Uncle Was Gay, and I Want to Tell the World. It strikes me that he would be pissed and proud that I wrote this post. He may have had a good life, but I mourn the fact that he was never really free. I feel the echo of his frustration and rage, and the ferocity of his commitment and love. I am haunted by him still.
Band of One. Since puberty I've experienced gender dysphoria but developed coping mechanisms to ignore it. It got harder with age. Having just turned 33 and returned from another month-long tour, I felt more depressed than ever. With every single performance the pain of the lie was perpetuated.
Tim Cook's 'Coming Out' Matters Because It Does Not Matter. Cook makes no apology for being gay. In fact he calls it \God's greatest gift\ because it made him more empathetic. But he is neither militant about it, nor defensive. It's not his cross to bear. That actually has a resonance that we are unused to in coming out narratives.
LOOK. 
This Queer Brooklyn Performance Art And Dance Party Is Turning 2 Years Old. 
A Gay CEO?. Sure, we've grown accustomed to celebrities coming out, some with great fanfare. But businesspeople? It's a rarity. Big businesspeople like Tim Cook? Hardly ever at all. In fact, just a short time ago, BP CEO John Browne resigned for fear of being \outed.\ That was 2007. My, how times have changed!
Ellen Goes HETERO For Halloween!. 
Thank You, Tim Cook. Apple has an impressively large and well-organized segment of out employees -- most of the major tech companies do, in fact -- and I bet they are all walking a bit taller and prouder today. We have a long way to achieve that level playing field, but that \sunlit path toward justice\ Tim refers to just got much, much brighter.
Meet The Director Who's Breaking Boundaries For India's Gay Community. 
4 Reasons Why EVERY Woman Needs A Gay Best Friend. 
Koko Jones, Former Percussionist for Whitney Houston, Steps Out Front With New Album. When I heard that Koko Jones, Houston's former percussionist (as well as The Isley Brothers' former percussionist), had embarked on her first album since coming out as a trans woman, I took notice and became very excited to talk to her about her life and music.
Westboro Members Aim To Take Their Anti-Gay Crusade To Court. 
Why We Shouldn't Lose Sight of Full Equality. Whether at school or in public spaces, many LGBT youth don't feel safe and continue to face disgraceful levels of discrimination (and some don't feel safe at home, either). But when they enter the workforce, disadvantages persist.
LOOK. 
Lessons For Gay Dads From TV Moms. 
Here's Why Being Gay Might Increase Your Likelihood Of Getting Skin Cancer. 
10 Guys Who Made Us Realize We're Gay, '80s Edition. 
After Dark. 
Apparently, Kissing Can Be A Crime -- If You're Gay. 
Attorney Who Scored Historic Gay Marriage Win Discusses Her Next Big Groundbreaking Move. 
Two Ministers Claim They Could Face 180 Years In Jail For Refusing To Do Gay Weddings. 
From Music Festivals to College Campuses. There are a number of complicated perspectives and positions on trans inclusion in women's spaces, and these dialogues illustrate some of the complexities of combating patriarchy.
Why Every Vote Counts. You might be one of the 18 people who decide not to vote, and that decision could make the difference between electing a pro-LGBT senator or one who doesn't support our issues. Every vote counts on the floor of the Senate, and losing that one vote could mean the difference between passing laws that further equal rights and being left high and dry as second-class citizens.
Five Reasons The LGBT Community Should Not Sit Out This Election. While midterm elections are not as sexy as the ones in which we get to pick a president, here are five reasons why the LGBT community should not sit out this year.
What's the Probability That Michael Sam Was Cut Because He's Gay, Really?. I've seen a little too much insistence this week, online and on social media, that Michael Sam's being cut from the Dallas Cowboys' practice squad had nothing to do with his being gay. It's a bit overwrought and defensive. A lot of fans seem to want to believe the NFL is not a homophobic institution.
Meet The First Trans New York City Firefighter. 
The Battle For Gay Rights In Rural America. 
Lisa Kudrow Reveals Why She Thinks Gay Men Are 'Superior Beings'. 
We Count, So Count Us. I want our government to accurately count us because it gives us power, tells us how to make life better for our community, and gives us hope. We need to know that we're one of many. I will press the Census Bureau to help us prove that, by adding questions to the census and other surveys about sexual orientation and gender identity.
Ebola vs. AIDS, Obama vs. Reagan. Compare and contrast
What Happens When Gays Target Gays With Online Bullying (VIDEO). In the third episode of Go-Go Boy Interrupted, Danny tries to take his mind off his job trouble with his version of meditation
Botched Robbery or Hate Crime?. Over the past two weeks, community members in L.A. have held a vigils to mourn the death and celebrate the life of Aniya Parker.  The murder of Ms. Parker marked the eighth homicide of a transgender woman of color reported in the U.S. since June.  She was shot in the head and killed as she was fleeing from three men who had confronted her on a sidewalk in Hollywood.
'Slut Goes to the Moon'. The collection, aptly titled \Slut Goes To The Moon,\ was futuristic with a tinge of luxe, geometric shocked in electricity, plus bold everything. Slut really did plan for a trip to the moon, but she might have met a nice, handsome fella to settle down with along the way.
Dear Straight Couples. I will always be grateful for allies, no matter if they're huge celebrities or small town citizens. But making some lavish yet empty promise does nothing but tarnish your word. Do something, otherwise, I hope your marital vows last longer than the ones you made to the LGBTQ community.
Gay Marriage to Ferguson. 
Coming Into Your Queer Identity... At The Spa?. 
WATCH. 
Meet The Man Designing For The 'Drag Race' Girls. 
After Dark. 
Dita Von Teese Opens Up About Her Sexuality. 
A Gay Superhero Is The Comic Book Movie We Need. 
An Insider's Look At The Queer Sex Worker Industry. 
What Exactly Is Gender Dysphoria?. 
Remembering the Life, Love and Legacy of Audre Lorde. Dr. Gloria I. Joseph has a treasure trove of memories of the renowned Audre Lorde, her late partner. Joseph's long-awaited new book, The Wind Is Spirit
This Gay Couple Shares The Beautiful Story Of How Their Family Formed. 
How Conservative Media Make It Harder For Schools To Protect Trans Youth. The conservative media's meltdown over a Nebraska school district's effort to train teachers about gender diversity demonstrates how conservative misinformation threatens even basic efforts to protect transgender and gender non-conforming students.
Meet The Man Trying To Bring Gay Bathhouses Back In Style. 
Ebola, HIV, and the Politics of Contagion. That Ebola now compels other Americans to consider the threat of a contagious virus suggests how fortunate they have been. Instead of sounding off an alarm of hysteria, they might just want to listen to how the other half lives.
To See the Holy See. Just as the church asked if they are capable of welcoming us without compromising their doctrine on the family and matrimony, so too must we ask if we are capable of allowing them this opportunity for reflection and growth without compromising our own strength and knowledge that we are not flawed beings and that we do not require their affirmation to affirm ourselves.
Megan Mullally. 
Laverne Cox Weighs In On 'OITNB'/'Transparent' Trans Writer Debate. 
Courts, Churches Coming Around on LGBT Rights. By letting this decision, and others like it, stand, the Supreme Court seems to be recognizing the amazingly swift turnaround in public attitudes on the issue of same-sex marriage and on gay and lesbian rights, in general.
What a Gay Teacher Would Have Meant to Me. I had no idea what I would be as an adult because I didn't see anybody I could be. What I would have given to hear a high school teacher say, \I'm gay,\ \I'm a lesbian,\ \I'm queer;\ to tell me that I could grow up to be a person a young man would respect?
Why The Craft Is Still the Best Halloween Coming Out Movie. The movie is about four teenage girls who each grow up feeling different -- simultaneously special and rejected -- as so many LGBT teens have experienced.
Justice for Lateisha Green. On November 14, 2008, Dwight DeLee fired a shotgun at close range at my two children. Both were hit and both were wounded. My son, Mark, overcame his injury and shock enough to drive my daughter, Lateisha, to our home to get help.
France's Inhumane Obsession With Surrogacy. Although over half of the French favor legalization and almost two thirds have a positive image of gestational surrogates (women who carry other women's embryos), France's political leadership attempts to distract its public from economic malaise by demonizing surrogacy. The latest missive comes from Prime Minister Manuel Valls.
Rattlesnakes Have Been Observed. Every year toward the end of September, as my teeth sink into the crystallized outer shell of the season's first striated melocreme, I hop into my confectionary time machine and find myself whisked back to 10 happy days in Montana.
This Is Not Bad. This Is Not Good. This Is Change.. Today, as I walked the midway with my family, I felt grateful for all that Tracie and I have experienced in our thirteen years, grateful that, despite the newness of our separation, we could come together as a family, in peace.
A Drag Queen Queers Shakespeare. 
Ukrainian Band Lyudska Podoba Talks Patriarchy, Sexualities and Trojan Horses. While civil unrest continues to pervade the east of Ukraine, a new generation of artists and musicians in Kiev are creating wide spectrum of sounds and spectacles.  At the forefront of this burgeoning scene is Lyudska Podoba (Human Shape).
Feminist Issues Are Transgender Issues. If we only work on behalf on the \right\ kinds of women, it diminishes the movement and repeats mistakes of the past, where feminism was not nearly intersectional enough. Beyond a concept of simple solidarity, though, is that many of the core issues of feminists and transgender people are the same.
What Happens When Your Mom Catches You Having Sex (VIDEO). Episode 2 of Go-Go Boy Interrupted shows what happens after a night of heavy binge drinking causes Danny to struggle to remember who the man in his bed is. And then the worst person who could drop by for a visit does.
LOOK. 
Feel the Fear and Do Me Anyway. I can always tell when a guy that I am about to hang out (read
The Lesbian Mastermind Behind The Dinah. As confirmation of her lifetime of success, Mariah will be honored by The Center in Palm Springs with its first ever \Legacy Award\ to recognize exceptional work on behalf of LGBT people living in the Coachella Valley.
Another Nation Considering Russian-Style 'Gay Propaganda' Law. 
Interview. The Emmy-nominated actress recently made history when she became the first transgender person to grace the cover of Time magazine in May of 2014.
Travelling through The Feminine Mystique to Lesbian Feminism. The Feminine Mystique didn't give me any makeup tips, it gave me a new map, a new consciousness to explore. It felt like a miracle when Betty Freidan landed in my mailbox, leading me back to school at a time where 'Women and Madness' electrified classrooms.
Learning The Meaning Of 'Family' -- Through Intense Homophobia. 
After Dark. 
What's the Real LGBT Health Epidemic?. 
Matthew Shepard. Even after 16 years, the name and story of Matthew Shepard, whose murder, carved into American history, represented a watershed moment that forever changed the conversation about the LGBT experience, not only still resonate but continue to have an impact.
Gay American Men Shockingly Ignorant About HIV/AIDS, Kaiser Study Finds. More distressing than the profound lack of knowledge about HIV/AIDS among the 431 adult men who participated in the survey is the fact that it reveals a startling failure -- even an absence -- of HIV education among gay and bisexual men, despite the fact that we account for the nation's highest number of those living with or at risk for HIV.
LOOK. 
Coming Out Again!. Upon coming out publicly in May 2010, I thought that that would be last time I would ever have to come out. Boy, was I wrong. Since then I have had to come out again and again. But last week I found myself in a coming-out situation that I had never experienced before, and I wasn't sure what to do.
'You Must Come Out'. I think about Harvey's impassioned plea quite often. It whispers in my brain with both inspiration and reservation -- inspiration because, as an out woman, I have experienced what only coming out will teach you, and reservation because, as a Christian, I also know that coming out and purging all secrets can be a dangerous, painful prospect.
Laura Jane Grace Opens Up About Her Transgender Journey. 
LOOK. 
Young Woman Recounts Coming Out to Her 90-Year-Old Grandpa (VIDEO). Abby took her girlfriend home to Minneapolis over Labor Day weekend, and, at the insistence of her father, her girlfriend joined them for the family lunch with Grandpa. After an awkward beginning, with Grandpa not knowing who Abby's surprise guest was, Abby's dad stepped in and began the conversation.
WATCH. 
National Coming Out Day. Being gay is a unique experience. Being Native American is a unique experience. And being a gay Native person who has been able to thrive and survive and is brave enough to share a personal story of coming out in this cutthroat world is nothing short of remarkable.
7 Reasons We Love Matt Bomer. 
Transgender Violence Tracking Portal. For the first time ever, there is a database where people can see exactly what is happening to transgender people globally in terms of violent acts against them. The TVTP was launched earlier this year in the hope of accumulating as much data as possible in order to serve as a true resource and, ultimately, to put a stop to such acts.
Coming Out Against 'Conversion Therapy'. As far as equal rights have come in the last few years, up to a third of LGBTQ people are still subjected to \conversion therapy,\ among the most damaging forms of psychological abuse a person can endure. Conversion therapy encompasses a range of dangerous and discredited practices aimed at changing a person's sexual orientation or gender identity.
Now That Indiana Has Achieved Marriage Equality, It's Time for LGBT Hoosiers to Support Gay Candidates. Do not sit back complacently. We have won one battle, but there are others that we must engage in.
Why Coming Out on Coming Out Day Still Matters. Break down some myths. Destroy some lies and distortions. And if we do it long enough and loud enough and together enough eventually we will be done.
Interview. \You have to stand your ground and be who you are and find acceptance -- if not in others, than in yourself. That's the road to happiness...and as Oscar Wilde said, and is quoted by [the character] Lola
Context and the Blue Pill of Prevention. Stories offering a white, affluent, gay, male-centric perspective have hit the street running. The term 'Truvada whore' is already an early soundbite from mainstream media. But don't be fooled. The first voices may be the loudest, but they are not the most important.
I Came This Close To Becoming A Porn Star. 
My Zipcode Makes Me Legal. This should be cause for celebration. We will have finally won our rights. And yet, I am melancholy. I am grateful, but I am not satisfied. I have this nagging, gnawing question
Rock Star Laura Jane Grace To Star In New Docuseries About Trans Lives. 
Was 'Brokeback Mountain' Actually Good For The Gays?. 
Meet The Transgender Star Of 'American Horror Story. 
Science Denial And Religious LGBT Phobia. Both climate crisis denial and the anti-vaccination movement follow the same trend of dismissing science. But the phenomenon of religious and political science denial extends far beyond the obvious examples. It can get much worse, and much uglier.
Why I'll Be Purple on October 16th. In the midst of all life's uncertainties, we must create space that allows our youth -- especially LGBT youth -- to thrive so that they are able to reach their full potential.
Laverne Cox Reveals Why Discussing Her HIV Status Is 'Weird' For Her (VIDEO). Is Laverne Cox HIV positive or HIV negative?  She tells us, and explains why disclosure is uncomfortable for her, reminding us that stigma around HIV/AIDS leads people to assume a transgender woman of color must be HIV positive.
Should You Be Getting The HPV Vaccine -- Regardless Of Your Age?. 
These Gay Men Are Virgins... And Waiting For Marriage?. 
New Documentary Is A Candid, Emotional Exploration Of The Relationship Men Have With...Their Penis (NSFW). 
Philly Gay Bashing Victims Speak Out For First Time Since Alleged Attack. 
No, I Don't Have a Dick Pic, and Here's Why My Dignity Is Still Intact. 
The Life of a Gay, Former Child Soldier. Stanlake is a beautiful, androgynous teenager living on a dangerous and desolate council estate in South London with his mother, Poppy. They're both recently arrived immigrants in the UK.
Why 2014 Is A Monumental Year For LGBT Characters On TV. 
These Pro-Gay Evangelicals Think They Know How To Save The Megachurch. 
Teenage Boys in Skirts Restored Our Faith in Humanity. Earlier this month hemlines were high at Col\u00e9gio Pedro II in Brazil. After seeing their transgender classmate Maria Muniz get suspended for wearing a skirt to school, the boys and girls of the school all wore skirts to show their support.
Online Dating Sucks in the Gay World...Or Does It?. Of course before I could suggest this tool for gay dating to a client, I figured I better do my homework.
Why I Wrote I Am Harvey Milk. I wrote  I Am Harvey Milk for you. I wrote it for anyone who has ever had to hide or keep secret their true nature. I wrote it for me so that I might get a step closer to understanding my own gay life, my own gay wounds, my own gay joys.
Queer Film Cubby Sparks Controversy Before It's Even Released. It's the film's inclusion of both a male sex worker character and a young child that's making some uncomfortable, although Blane is quick to point out that there is no remote connection between the two in terms of sexual situations or scenes.
'Drag Race' Stars Adore Delano, Alaska And Nina Flowers Have A Message For You. 
Here's What Happens When A Spouse Who Identified As Straight Comes Out As LGBT. 
After Dark. 
Here's How Queer Men Could Help Cut Their Risk For Cancer. 
My Happiest Life Moment. 
If I Have Gay Children. I won't love them despite their sexuality, and I won't love them because of it. I will love them; simply because they're sweet, and funny, and caring, and smart, and kind, and stubborn, and flawed, and original, and beautiful... and mine.
Here's What Happened When A Gay Coach In Iowa Came Out To His Homophobic Friends. 
4 Conversation-Starters for Gay and Bisexual Men, By Gay and Bisexual Men. As gay and bisexual men, it can be overwhelming -- and in some cases, downright exhausting -- to keep HIV at the front of our minds and on the tip of our tongues. But talking about it, with a friend, a doctor or a potential partner, can ease our anxieties and potentially change our thinking and our actions for the better.
Michele Bachmann. 
Jesse Tyler Ferguson Came Out After He Was Caught Stealing Gay Porn. 
Olympic Plan to Bar Discrimination in Host Cities Is Just Lipstick on a Pig. Forgive me if I'm not popping the champagne. In reality, this is nothing more than a publicity ploy to quiet critics some of whom, by all accounts, are buying it hook, line and sinker.
Men's Basketball Coaches Association Now Protects Gay Players From Discrimination. 
Martine Rothblatt, Highest Paid Female CEO, Talks Transistioning and Authenticity. Martine and I discuss transistioning, being grateful for our lives when so many others are no longer here, and being authentic to yourself and your soul. Martine expresses a gratitude of life when so many transgenders have fallen along the way.
The Joys of Being Gay Then and Today. Two books of photographs reflect a new vision of gay life, one looking forward, the other back. Both boggle the mind with what they reveal about the changing com\u00e9die humaine of gender and same-sex love.
Laughing Until the End. I wish I had known Joan Rivers. Something about her always intrigued me. At 22 years old, I sit here writing this on a quiet plane back to New York, laughing hysterically to myself.
Over Grindr? Tired Of Scruff? Maybe This App Is For You. 
LOOK. 
Why I Finally Refused to Lose Weight to Keep a Man. Friends and family became concerned as I was slowly wasting away, but the attention I received from my man and the boys in the bars more than made up for their worries and validated the importance of being skinny.
Hey Little Rickey -- Where Did My Little Gay Boy Get Lost?. Who'd of thunk, that 3.5 days at summer camp in the Catskills, freezing my booty off with a bunch of like-minded, awesome, \let's be friends first and talk about business later\ peeps, could lead to a reunion between my younger and present day self. Guess I came out again!
WATCH. 
A Gay Dad Vs. The Conservative Christian Anti-Gay 'Teen Plot' Grandmother. 
The Effects Of Delaying Puberty For Trans Youth. 
After Dark. 
'The Mary Jo Camel Show' Is Unlike Any Talk Show You've Ever Seen. 
Behind The Harness. 
Anti-Gay Bullying at School, but Not Like We Expected. My oldest son is now in the fourth grade, and he's never had an incident of anti-gay bullying at school. And that may have lulled me into a false sense of security, because I was caught totally off guard when it happened to his little brother.
My Abusive Relationship. I questioned why I continued to stay. Was it habit? Some sadistic sense of comfort? Did I think we'd change back into the people we once were? I'm not a weak person. I grew up in such a loving home. My parents have a beautiful marriage. What's wrong with me?
What's It Like Being Blind and Gay? (VIDEO). George Ashiotis started going blind when he was 5 years old. When he was a teenager, he worked at Lighthouse as an assistant counselor, helping younger visually impaired teens. After helping his sister dye her hair black, he ended up going to work with black fingernails, leading to his first experience of homophobia.
Meet The Drag Performer Who Is Leading The Fight Against Facebook's Controversial Name Policy. 
Happy Anniversary, 'Mommie Dearest'!. 
The South Is Not a New Frontier. Take some time to get to know the local communities who have been building bridges, winning and losing campaigns, and making a difference for generations. Enter these communities with humility and a beginner's mind. And please, please don't erase the rich history and culture of the queer South just because you finally started paying attention.
The Business Case for Ally Engagement. For LGBT inclusion in particular, policy alone doesn't drive culture
Joe Stevens. Formerly of Coyote Grace, Joe is one of the first openly transgender performers to contribute to the alt-Americana/alt-indie folk music scene. I spoke with him about his perspective on Pittsburgh, his queer identity and his relationship with the dyke community, and his music.
Looking Back on Two Decades of Helping Gay Men Have Kids. It's been a long road to marriage equality, and it seems we're still only halfway there. For the last two decades I've been on another fulfilling journey with our community. It's made fewer headlines than our fight for marriage rights, but it's been so important for so many families just now finding that legal recognition.
5 Essential Tips For Straight Actors Playing Gay Characters. 
How Do We Stop LGBTQ Youth From Killing Themselves?. During the spring semester of 2002, while I was teaching my creative-writing class at Sheepshead Bay High School in Brooklyn, a student finally shared and read aloud a poem that he had just written. And after he read, our jaws dropped with amazement, our eyes widened with shock, our brows curled with concern, our hearts stopped with empathy, and our bodies froze with fear.
Facebook Forcing Drag Queens Out of the Closet. In a reported effort to enforce safety rules that insist that all users indicate their legal name, Facebook may have put Sister Roma, and potentially thousands of other drag performers, at risk while inadvertently igniting a firestorm that is sweeping across the LGBT community.
\I Woke Up Like Dis\. As I have entered into my \Drewliciously Dirty Thirties\ I have begun to realize that I can be sexy, not in spite of my disability, but because of my disability.
Why Zachary Quinto Doesn't Mind James Franco's Interest In Gay Sex, LGBT Issues. 
5 Things You Should Never Ask A Lesbian Mom. 
After Dark. 
HRC Reboots Its Mission Toward Greater Trans Inclusion. Last Thursday at the Southern Comfort Conference in Atlanta, HRC President Chad Griffin apologized for all the problems between HRC and the trans community for which HRC had been responsible over the years. He was specific and demanded to be held accountable. These are words the trans community has never heard before from HRC, certainly not in public.
Forget Where's Waldo -- Let's Play Where's the Dildo?. Sure, the human body is beautiful. But let's not kid ourselves, our naughty bits are some crazy looking parts. It's time we got comfortable with them and stopped treating the whole sex thing with so much fear. It's sex for goodness sake. Subtle Dildo certainly does all of those things.
LOOK. 
'Conversion Therapy' in Indie Film Saugatuck Cures. The indie film stars Judith Chapman, Max Adler, and Danny Mooney. Chapman plays Maggie, the mother of Drew (played by Adler), who is gay and goes on an adventure to convert homosexuals into heterosexuals in order to raise money to help pay for his mom's cancer treatments.
You Don't Tell Your Friends You Have Two Dads?. 'You don't tell your friends at daycare you have two dads?' 'No!' I had no idea how to respond. Ever since our kids were born, we've tried to help them understand and be proud of the fact that their family looks a bit different than others.
From Behind The Screen, You Came So Close. My ground rules were simple - I would talk to anyone whose face, not their crotch, appeared in the frame. With my heart rate raised, I moseyed on over to Chatroulette.com and hit \Start.\
From Diagnoses to Dignity -- Barriers to Health Care for Transgender People. From being labelled as having a disorder to shouldering the burden of some of the highest rates of violence and HIV infection in the world, the perils of daily life for transgender people are multi-layered and can inflict substantial harm, experts and activists say.
Gay Christian Mingle. Maybe puberty only happens once physiologically, and maybe no matter how hard I try I can't make lyrics from Dashboard Confessional or The Spill Canvas resonate the way they did in 2006, but I do know that I am starting to see what it means to be a person of faith who takes ownership of what they believe.
Is The 'Gay Parent Trap' Killing Queer Culture?. 
How My Second-Grader Explains His Two-Mom Family, A Play in One Act. 
Young Woman May Be Gay Due To 'Girl-On-Girl' Movies Or Sexual Molestation, Pat Robertson Claims. 
A Woman Is a Home for a Penis?. Ultra-creep and man of the cloth (of course!) Mark Driscoll went on an online rampage on a church chat board in 2000, and that sh*t has resurfaced and man is it crazy. Not regular, old crazy; full-on \bat sh*t, hold on to your hat, papa's got a brand new bag\ crazy.
Chef Chris Trapani, the First Transgender Chef to Appear on the Food Network, Discusses Love, Transistioning and Food. 
Parent Notes to LGBT Kids Go Viral | SPEAK UP WITH JIMMY NGUYEN (VIDEO). In this \Digitally Speaking\ segment, I discuss the social media impact produced by these notes, and how they can help parents everywhere better handle the coming out moment for LGBT kids.
Coming Out. Thank goodness that instead of listening to my doubting inner cynic I began to stack things in my favor by believing, being optimistic and trusting that my path was my true path and I would thrive.
I Love Westboro Baptist Church and Here's Why You Should Too. If Westboro does show up in front of our offices to protest, we'll be ready for them. We're not scared of a handful of sad people with access to school supplies and a few nasty slogans.
Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka Marry and the \Angry Itch\ Takes Over Social Media. Court victories aside, the newlyweds' detractors provided a focused snapshot that the road to marriage equality is not without its speed bumps -- and its opponents not without their loud voices.
Finding Common Ground. It is hard to stay calm when we read about transgender violence, and we continue to experience discrimination in our community's. It hard to be patient when our children's self-esteem is being eroded in ways most parents cannot fathom.
Egypt Orders Arrest Of Men Over 'First Gay Marriage' Video. 
Starving the Gay Within. By reducing my fat intake to zero and running for an hour at a time, I knew that I'd destroy every fat cell that existed in my body. I had commenced an all-out attack on the demon inside me that made me feel that way
After Dark. 
Incarcerated and Unemployed. 
A Look At The Male Sex Worker Throughout History. 
She Inspired Me. I never met Joan Rivers; I always wanted to, but never had that special opportunity to meet her.  Yet, I didn't have to meet her in person to be inspired by her.  As a gay man, I always understood her humor and struggles.
The Top Travel Destination For Closeted Gay Men Is.... 
WATCH. 
America's Player, America's Team. It's heartening that Michael Sam's signing is being seen as a football decision not just by Cowboys leadership but by a majority of fans as well. And by looking beyond the SEC All-American's sexuality and simply giving him a chance to play, the Dallas Cowboys have proven that they truly deserve to be called \America's Team.\
Homeless Gay Teens Are Being Cast Out By Religious Families. 
Williamsburg Is About To Get A Whole Lot Gayer Next Week. 
Rape Culture Pervades Gay Culture Too. Way too many people seem to think it's funny, or even impossible, for a man to be raped. I'm not sure that it matches the indifference with which we view the rape of women, but the reactions are still disturbing. Too often they even come from gay men, who are ourselves disproportionately subject to sexual violence.
Bareback Culture, HIV, and Our Gay Future. If you make an informed decision to practice barebacking, then so be it. I can't say I will never do the same. However, short-term pleasure, a sense of belonging, and the excitement of abandoning homonormative sociosexual practices cannot be divorced from either a willful rejection of long-term health or a romanticized concept of what HIV infection leads to.
Our 10 Favorite Post-Gay Movies. Lately we've seen a surge in films featuring gay characters whose sexuality feels refreshingly incidental to the plot. Post-gay movies can be love stories, dramas, or comedies, but what they all share is a recognition of gay people as part of the natural fabric of modern life.
Lesbian Proposes to Girlfriend on Facebook. Brandiilyne had just updated her Facebook page to vent about a 20-page paper she had just been assigned in school. In fact, she was completely overwhelmed with back to school and her many other ventures. She was so busy in fact, that she almost missed the most important Facebook post of her life.
Just Shut Up!. Phil Robertson simply can't let it go. He keeps trying to explain his homophobic rant to GQ magazine, which might be partly to blame for the falling ratings for the hit reality show, Duck Dynasty.
Man Claims Church Teacher Raped Him As A 'Gay Cure'. 
The Boys Behind the Bedbugs!!! Off-B'way Infestation. 
Dad, Can You Explain to My Friend Where My Mom Is?. However we respond to these types of questions, from children or adults, whether innocent or malicious, the one thing we need to keep in mind is this
Five Dos and Five Don'ts for College Seniors (From a Point Scholar Who's Been There). I want to pass along a bit of advice about life. Because I'm a recent graduate, the triumphs and tribulations of senior year are still fresh in my mind, and with all the infinite wisdom that is conferred upon me by three months out of college, it's a big deal that I'm passing along my sage advice to you.
10 Of The Best Looks From Creative Force Mathu Andersen. 
Lost in the Chaos - LGBTI People in Emergencies. While the experiences of sexual and gender minorities during disasters are drawing increased attention from some responders, structural barriers remain and experts are urging a rethink of policies and protocols that could fuel exclusion.
Why Finding Housing As An Older LGBT Adult Shouldn't Mean Stepping Back Into A Closet. 
After Dark. 
LOOK. 
Getting to Gay. What the hell are you doing here, anyway? OK, that's it. You need to get your ass home! You're fucking 40 years old! You've got kids! You have a wife! It's winter 2009. Just a few months ago everything changed when I acknowledged to my wife Evelyn that I'm gay.
A Gay Dad's Restroom Tips For Lesbian Or Single Moms. 
Here's Why Chelsea Manning's Prison Treatment Matters. 
Who's Going To Be On 'Drag Race All Stars 2'? Here Are Our Picks.. What Are Yours?. 
Writer Michelle Theall Talks Memoir Teaching the Cat to Sit and LGBT Issues (AUDIO). 
. 
Michelle Nunn's 'Don't Ask, Don't Tell'. Georgia Democrat Michelle Nunn is running in a competitive race for an open seat against Republican David Perdue. There is little doubt where Mr. Purdue stands on LGBT issues (strongly opposed), but there is a lot of doubt about where Ms. Nunn stands. And what to do about that is an issue Georgia's LGBT community is wrestling with today.
And The World's Most Hospitable Region For Gays And Lesbians Is.... 
Here's How Skipping One Meal Could Help Prevent LGBT Youth Suicide. 
Hollywood Legend Richard Chamberlain. Outed by a French magazine in 1989 at age 55, Chamberlain spent another decade-plus side-stepping the subject. However, he admitted a pivotal point in accepting himself as a gay man came while writing his best-selling 2003 memoir.
Using Sex to Sell HIV Prevention. The idea is that using healthy, sexual images in HIV messaging will dilute the fear of contracting the virus and further increase the risk of infection for my peers and the younger gay men on the up and up. On its face, this argument makes sense. But make no mistake
George Takei On Coming Out. 
PrEP'd and Ready. PrEP has magnificent potential to prevent infection. It has the potential to provide many with a chance at a more comfortable life, but I would encourage the gay population to be responsible and remember that none of us are invincible, no matter what powers we think we possess.
LOOK. 
This Is What A Bear Looks Like. 
Pedro Zamora's Torch. We were so heartened to hear that the National AIDS Memorial Grove had renamed their college-scholarship program the Pedro Zamora Young Leaders Scholarship. It is dedicated to continuing Pedro's legacy by supporting the academic efforts of emerging young leaders who share Pedro's passionate commitment to ending the HIV/AIDS pandemic.
How Stress Is Killing Lesbian, Gay And Bisexual People. 
I've Finally Decided to Leave You!. Yes, I've taken the time to write this as a mock break-up letter, but it comes after extensive research, including recent phone calls with both T-Mobile and AT&T, and I wanted you to benefit from what I've learned.
Judge's Scolding Puts Anti-Gay Indiana Governor in Tight Spot (VIDEO). For years Indiana Gov. Mike Pence has worked to undermine the lives to gay and lesbian families, but now a judge has ruled that he's finally gone too far.
After Dark. 
Being a Trans Ally. Being a good ally begins with listening and actually hearing what transgender people have to say about their lives. When people actually do listen, the results can be remarkable.
This Lesbian Breaks Downs Exactly Why Catcalling Sucks So Much. It's hard enough carving out a space for ourselves in a world that constantly marginalizes us and our very existence. And having strange men assume that we want to hear what they think of us when there are very few things we want less in the world just adds to the burden.
Meet The First Openly Lesbian National Beauty Queen. 
Laverne Cox Reveals Why Her 'OITNB' Character Is So Revolutionary. 
Could A Boy George And Sam Smith Collaboration Be Headed Our Way?. 
An Aligned Life. In her youth Elicia Gonzalez from Broomfield, Colorado, experienced a shocking exposure to Prince that would become \very much so representative of what would happen with my sexuality later in life.\
Now THIS Is How You Respond To An Ice Bucket Challenge From The Westboro Baptist Church.... 
I'm White, Gay, and Dating a Black Man. Over the years, the startling consistency of the manner in which I am addressed while he is ignored has become a quasi joke between us.
Jessica Alba. 
Here Comes The First Transgender Sitcom. 
Open Letter to Michelle Duggar -- Ignorance is Not Bliss. Michelle, I am appealing to you as one mother to another, but there is a difference
Are You Ready For The 'ARMAGAYDDON'?. 
Bathhouses And Beyond. 
The Ties That Bind Us. As a transgender woman I get asked by gays and lesbians quite frequently how the T fits in the LGBT, and why transgender rights should be part of the larger gay agenda. Rather than shrug off the question, I take the time to actually answer.
WATCH. 
A Transgender Student Who Was Reportedly Banned From Her School Receives Good News. 
'Family' Pundit Makes Bizarre And Offensive Link Between Robin Williams' Death And 'Ex-Gay' Therapy. 
Alexis Arquette Claims She Slept With Jared Leto.. And She's Not Shy About One Big Detail. 
Social Media's New Dark 'Secret'. Bullying and taunting follow people through their entire lives, and it's not just a problem for our children. Just ask the drag queen who was brought to tears onstage during a late-night cabaret show in New York when discussing recent anonymous attacks against her on Secret. Who benefits from that?
How Long Will We\u00a0Wait For Justice For Islan Nettles?. 
Author Of Horrifically Transphobic Thought Catalog Essay Put On 'Indefinite Leave'. 
After Dark. 
WATCH. 
Hating the Hate in Showtime's 'L Word Mississippi'. We're not looking to have an elaborate wedding. Likely we'll show up, just the two of us, at a courthouse some 300 miles away. Imagine, my dear heterosexual friends, if this were you. I'm just going to guess you'd be a bit irritated.
Great News On Trans Health. 
Why This Alleged Anti-Gay Hate Crime Victim Just Received A Prison Sentence. 
WATCH. 
WATCH. 
Sikh Man Takes Off His Turban and Comes Out of the Closet (VIDEO). Mandeep Jangi of Middlesex, New Jersey, cites his Sikh faith as the \more visible aspect\ of his identity. His decision to cut his hair (long hair is a traditional part of Sikh culture) was the first step to discovering his own individual identity.
A Tale of Two Suicides and a Story of One. None of my own experiences combined with what I know of my father's life make me think any less of a person who chooses suicide. In this week of unhappy reflection, I've found myself repeating that phrase a lot. Who are any of us to understand what pain another is going through, or to what depths?
Check Out This Unique Campaign For LGBT People In Nations Where Pride Events Are Banned. 
TERF Wars. Second-wave feminism included many lesbians who didn't know many trans women, because few were out and active in those circles in the '70s, and found it very easy to weave into their philosophy the absurd idea that trans women are \the avant-garde of the patriarchy's invasion of women's spaces.\
Accidental Monogamy. For years, I've been adamant about the advantages of an open relationship.  I've  seen monogamy as a viable choice -- but for others.  And, without resistance, for the first time in decades, I find myself giving myself fully to just one man.
Sectarian Scavengers. In Entebbe on August 9, more than one hundred LGBT Ugandans celebrated the first Pride Uganda since the Constitutional Court overturned the draconian Anti-Homosexuality Act (AHA) for being passed without a quorum.
A Matter of Words. Folks are not familiar with issues around adoption and don't know the correct language to use unless they have been impacted by adoption or educated on the issues. Likewise with the LGBT community.
Anti-Gay Crusader's Wife Left Him... For A Woman. 
Paul Burston's Polari, the Most Exciting Literary Movement in London. Paul Burston, the creator of the Polari Literary Salon in London, has, through sheer charm, hard work and diligence, transformed the possibilities of what a literary event should be
LOOK. 
Same-Sex Marriage - 10 Years Later. Ten years ago in May, 2004, Massachusetts had its first legal same-sex marriage. The ceremony was also the first of its kind to be held in the United States. My partner -- soon to be called my spouse -- and I were married a few months later.
Next Wave of Marriage Cases Finally Reaches the Supreme Court (VIDEO). The Supreme Court generally only hears a small handful of the petitions brought before it. But with so many major marriage rulings in the last year, they are virtually guaranteed to have one or more cases on their docket, with a ruling likely by June 2015.
Are You Ready To Cook... With Drag Queens?. 
Finally Some Good News For LGBT Ugandans. 
The Problem With 'Celebrity Queerbaiting'. 
'Guess Who's Coming to Dinner'. Our community's problem isn't with MichFest. If it became trans-inclusive tomorrow, the underlying problem would remain. It isn't even with the antifeminist nature of the trans-exclusionary radical feminists; if they quieted down tomorrow, the underlying problem would remain. The problem is the iceberg below, which no one wants to recognize.
It's Time to Expel Michele Bachmann From Congress. Personally, I don't believe my tax dollars should be used to pay the salary of someone who wants to convince the world that my ultimate desire is to be able to legally molest children.
Acting Director Kris Hayashi of the Transgender Law Center Discusses Trans Equality in 2014 and the Future. My discussion with Kris is centered around trans equality now and the future.  We discuss the inequality still facing trans people, especially trans women of color, and how we as a community move forward to progress to full equality and being treated fairly without bias and discrimination.
Director Alexia Kosmider Talks New Documentary TransJourney (AUDIO). This week I talked with filmmaker Alexia Kosmider about her new documentary, TransJourney, which follows Sandra on her cross-country journey to share in the life of her child, formerly her son, now her \new\ daughter Annabelle.
Struggling With Twink Envy. My first real-life, up-close glimpse of this insane standard for the gay male physique was at a bar in New Orleans. Although I did not want to use my minimum wage to stuff the dancers' G-strings, I envied their natural ability to grasp the attention of the room. I realized that beauty and a good body came with a lot of power.
Top Rock Heats Up the Hard Rock Hotel Palm Springs (AUDIO/VIDEO). In this episode of my podcast, Nicholas Snow Live, I welcome Top Rock cast members Brandon Alameda, Dani Armstrong and Victor Turpin, now in residence at the Hard Rock Hotel Palm Springs.
'We Are Lesbians!' Family Vacation Turns Into Dyke March Participation (VIDEO). Do you remember your first Pride event? Kayleigh certainly does, along with the impact that participating in Dyke March with her family had on her life.
Sixth Circuit Marriage Arguments. \Nervous and excited about this. I think a lot of people forget that this isn't just political posturing and ideological debate -- it's personal, it's my life and the lives of many I love!\
A Trans Woman on Saving MichFest. When people all around you are telling you directly that you have no claim to your womanhood and that by merely existing you are furthering the patriarchy, it cuts right through to your heart. I want to be able to return to the Land feeling welcome and safe. MichFest is my home too.
Liberation or Consolidation? Queers at a Crossroads. As lesbians and gays we are on the precipice of what could be called our largest wins ever. I am just struggling to understand both how and why we were able to divorce LGBT equality from a larger conversation about feminism, race and class in society.
WATCH. 
LOOK. 
The Guide To Hooking Up Online. 
WATCH. 
Guess Why Perez Hilton Is Stripping Down Again. 
After Dark. 
Why We Don't Know The Size Of The Transgender Population. 
A Compelling Look At Queer Black Identity In Post-Apartheid South Africa (NSFW). 
Am I Good Enough?. All of those things that we believe to add value to our lives should only be applied to our lives for the sake of our own desire and love for them, not because of what we perceive someone else to desire from us.
Gay Life In The Dirty Dirty. 
My Journey From Christian College to Drag. When I packed up my Buick and headed off from Long Island to a small Christian college in rural Arkansas, it never dawned on me that one day I'd be performing comedy dressed in women's clothes while sharing the name of the world's greatest harlot.
Zachary Quinto's Next Big Move. 
Stigma and Discrimination Are Killing Gay Men -- News From the International AIDS Conference. What is the effect of the new, repressive anti-LGBT laws around the world? \We have evidence to show that the law is killing people.\
WATCH. 
The Case of Jane Doe. Sadly, her story is all too familiar. Too many children \rescued\ by the government from families unable to care for them are abandoned to caregivers who subject them to abuses more terrible than those prompting the state's intervention in the first place.
Gay Barcelona Summer With Gaudi. Is there an androgynous experience of a city? No? Then Barcelona has just invented it, perhaps not only for me. This should not be too surprising as this old, Spanish city ranks as number one in gay freedoms, nuptial rights included
A Comedic Tale Of Coming Out, Gay Sex...And The Love Of Broadway. 
The First Gay President. Although such things are happening slowly but surely, will being queer continue to inhibit the likelihood of the first gay president?
Boston LGBTQ Communities Divided on Israeli-Palestinian Conflict. At a recent protest rally on the streets of Boston, just one of many that I've seen personally, watched on TV and read about, members of our community went at each other's throats, demonstrating not only how we're not monolithic when it comes to passion and politics but how LGBTQs are inextricably tied to world events.
Jenny McCarthy Sounds Off On Controversial Hillary Clinton Gay Joke. 
A Look At The Life Of Jamaica's Homeless Queer Community. 
'Drag Race' Star Willam Opens Up About Break Up Of 'Boy Is A Bottom' Group. 
They're Baaaack! (NSFW). 
After Dark. 
How To Be Openly Gay And In High School. 
Exclusive Excerpt From Transgender Anthology Letters for My Sisters. 
LGBT Youths With Unsupportive Parents Sound Off Anonymously. 
Memories of a Gay Childhood. I've been thinking of my own early years as a queer youth
LGBT Elites Need to KISS. I'll be called out as a hetero-normative cisgender supporter of the patriarchy for saying this, but it would be nice if we could use English to talk about our issues. Maybe it's a bit quaint to advocate simplicity, but it seems to me that the LGBT elite have created an entirely new language made up of six syllable words.
Oh, Yes! Jeopardy DID Just Go There!. 
How To Navigate High School As An Out Transgender Student. 
WATCH. 
Hairy Today And Tomorrow. With the growth of online niche porn, gay boys can now lust after men of all body types. We're in a pro-beard, anti-trim bubble right now for men, and I'm greatly enjoying it.
How Larry Kramer's Normal Heart Thunders With Our Lost Love. Even many of us affected personally went on with life, doing little to ameliorate the suffering of those we loved. My father's lover, Jim Cox, died of AIDS in 1991. Sweet Jim. He gave me ballet lessons each morning when I was living with my father on Sugar Loaf Key in 1986.
Another Bend of the Arc Towards Justice. While it doesn't carry any legal weight, only the power of symbolism, the most touching moments for me in the president's presentation were his fluency with the word \transgender.\
Meth Head. Meth Head, a much-needed film, is riveting in its portrayal of the fast, destructive cycle of methamphetamine addiction.
'True Blood' Star Sounds Off On Co-Star's Alleged Refusal To Play Gay Role. 
World Health Organization Recommends PrEP. Anyone who engages in risky sexual behavior should take extra precautions, be it through PrEP or otherwise. While I'm certain that the WHO acknowledges this, their message nevertheless helps perpetuate the falsehood of HIV being a \gay disease.\
A Year After Windsor, Let's Finish What We Started. despite so much progress in terms of the equality of gay people under the law, we have not seem the same kind of improvement in connection with the very issue that provoked the most recent wave of the LGBT movement in the first place -- the fight against HIV and AIDS.
Many Still Don't Realize Disproportionate Impact of Smoking on LGBT People. Tobacco companies have long targeted our community with ads featuring LGBT people and themes. They have supported our causes. While the support has been welcomed, it has come with a price.
Tony-Nominated Stage Veteran Comes Full Circle With Latest Role. 
5 Things Not to Say to a Transgender Person (and 3 Things You Should). 1. \Hey, you!  Have you had 'the surgery'?\ This is kind of like someone coming up to you and asking about your vagina or penis. No, wait, it's exactly like that.
LOOK. 
This Is What CeCe McDonald Thinks We Should Do To Keep All Queer People Safe. 
Why Do Lesbians Discriminate Against One Another?. 
After Dark. 
'Do You Think The Child Loves The Parents Any Less Because They Are Same-Sex Parents?'. 
Truth Be Told. 
LOOK. 
WATCH. 
WATCH. 
Seven and Half Reasons Why Two and Half Men Should Scrap a Gay Season 12. I have a good sense of humor, but... can't you find something else to make us laugh? Why are we gays so amusing to the rest of you?
5 Myths About the Single Gay Guy and One Truth. My friend Sam is a \confirmed bachelor,\ and I'm using air quotes as I write this. Years ago, before you could swing a dead cat in a Banana Republic without hitting an openly gay man (which I would not recommend), that was code for being gay.
New Dungeons & Dragons Rules Embrace Diverse Gender Identities, Sexual Orientation. Many of us have been bending our characters' genders and sexual orientations for years, but it's terrific to see the game officially embrace this.
A History of Throwing Shade for Black Women and Gay White Men. We all can do better at deploying language, style and dance moves that has cultural attachments that are not our own in such a way that it feels inclusive. There is no one to one scale of oppression that allows any group to place a claim on another's culture even if they share aspects of the same identity.
ENDA. Believe it or not, right now some Republicans are working feverishly to get support for the Employment Non-Discrimination Act in the GOP and try to pass it in the House in this session, with the dangerous religious exemption that caused LGBT groups to withdraw support. The irony here is off the charts.
The End of ENDA?. If my gay colleagues choose to jettison ENDA, I'm willing to back off. But the question with which I am left is
How This Pill Could Revolutionize Gay Life And Reawaken Old Arguments. 
Marriage Equality, But What About Divorce?. I was with my wife for nearly 10 years before we were married the first time, we had two kids, and I never considered a prenuptial agreement, because I thought it would be forever.
It's All Complicated, Or Maybe Not. 
WATCH. 
Coming Out. 
My Trans Son. As a society, we have just begun to talk about what it means to be transgender, and I, like most men of my generation, knew almost nothing. If there is anything that I've learned, it's that the subject is deeply complex. I think I understand something fundamental, but I really don't.
What Does Your Online Torso Pic Really Say About You?. 
Should All Gay and Bisexual Men Take PrEP?. Did the World Health Organization (WHO) really declare that all gay men should take Pre-exposure Prophylaxis? With my social media feeds showing multiple articles with similar titles in such a short timeframe, I knew this was an issue that called for a response from GMHC.
Reports. 
Mayor Wants To Ban Gays From KISSING In Public. 
Dear TIME Magazine. I don't tell African-American women what to like and how to act, so please try to do the same for me. I think it's time that we celebrate each other and stop telling other groups what to like, how to act and what to do.
HIV. HIV care, treatment and research seem to be more often taking two steps forward with each step back. For the first few decades after HIV was isolated and characterized, we far too often took two steps backward with each step forward.
WATCH. 
Adding the Ally Voice to the Fight for Trans Justice. I want to see a large and vocal movement of allies who are standing alongside transgender people and helping to create a just world where members of trans and gender non-conforming communities no longer face stigma and violence and have the same opportunities as everyone else.
Jane Lynch. 
Iraq Vet Says Kissing His Boyfriend Got Him Kicked Out Of Taxi Cab. 
WATCH. 
Where's the Beef in Burger King's 'Proud Whopper' Campaign?. For the \Proud Whopper\ promotion to have been meaningful, Burger King should have gotten its own workplace practices in order before preaching equality to others.
How Would You Feel If You Found Out Your Marriage Was Over Via Facebook?. Imagine driving through Starbucks to get your coffee while you're running errands for the day and sitting in line behind a mini-van with cartoon pictures of a five member family, and while reading your news feed on Facebook you find out you are no longer married.
Evangelism as Therapy. Encountering the Family Research Council's Peter Sprigg in the D.C. Council Chambers on June 27 took me back five years to our battles over the District's marriage equality bill. This time it was a hearing on a bill to prohibit conversion therapy for minors.
What Does It Mean To 'Be Masculine'? (NSFW). 
After Dark. 
The Day I Took a Knife to School, and How It Changed Me. \I might as well be invisible,\ I thought. I was sitting in my wheelchair in the locker room while the other kids played a sport in gym class. I could hear them and wondered how long it would take for anyone to find me. I felt so alone. I thought I was a burden to my family, and I felt hopeless.
Who's Afraid of a Little Rainbow in Corporate America?. Embracing LGBT employees isn't about sacrificing your values, it's simply about treating people like people, fairly and equitably.
Chasing Summertime Memories. 
How Punk Music Empowered a Queer Youth (VIDEO). 
Producer Gary Janetti Talks New PBS Sitcom Vicious and LGBT Issues (AUDIO). This week I talked with writer/producer Gary Janetti about his groundbreaking new PBS sitcom Vicious, which tells the story of an older gay couple, played by Sir Derek Jacobi and Sir Ian McKellen, and their longtime circle of friends as they struggle to maintain their visibility and significance in our youth-oriented world.
48 States Still Allow This Ridiculous Thing, But California's Now Free To Ban It. 
Police Investigating Two Possible Hate Crimes From SF Pride Weekend. 
Chloe Is Back To Help You Celebrate 'Independence'!. 
Jesus Will 'Overrule' SCOTUS And Throw Gays Into Hell, Pundit Claims. 
Queer Rights in Kenya. When asked about the recent progress of Kenya's LGBT movement, Njeri Gateru doesn't hesitate to answer with the word \visibility.\ Ms. Gateru is one of 500 fellows taking part in the Washington Fellowship for Young African Leaders, the new flagship program of President Obama's Young African Leaders Initiative. IREX is pleased to share her story.
Trans Is the New Orange?. Savvy black trans woman Laverne Cox appeared on one of this summer's Chelsea Lately episodes, and I found myself not listening to Laverne's answers but analyzing the depth and careful placement of Chelsea Handler's questions. The restraint with which Handler handled herself was dripping with streetwise smarts.
Free Your Mind Your Crotch Will Follow. For many of us, bottoming isn't an opportunity to enjoy a pleasurable sexual experience but an act that threatens our sense of masculinity and the respect that goes with it.
I'm a Homosexual and There Ain't Nothin' Wrong with That. Gay people have to be courageous to accept ourselves, be honest about our feelings, and live our lives. I struggle with that courage every day, but when I read the bull**** that people say, I just want to stand tall with my chest puffed out and say, \I'm a homosexual and there ain't nothin' wrong with that!\
Away From Home. Michael, who is living with HIV, fled Nigeria two years ago after being beaten up and threatened with his life by anti-gay vigilantes. He was shunned by his family and was forced to live a life of exile in the US.
Can There Be Meaningful #JusticeforJane?. A 16-year-old transgender girl spent 77 days alone in a Connecticut prison without ever being convicted of, or even charged with, a crime. Known publicly as \Jane Doe\ because she is a minor, she sat alone in the York Correctional Institution, a high-security prison in Niantic, Connecticut, for two and a half months.
Why I Don't Celebrate LGBT Pride Month. LGBT Pride Month has become more about paying lip service to the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community than it is about addressing the real issues that affect us. It is a token gesture, implying that everyone can ignore our issues for the other 11 months of the year.
Unpredictable Love and the Fight for Same-Sex Marraige in Indiana. During dinner, my aunt handed us a folded piece of paper containing an email she had received from the senior pastor of the Meridian Street United Methodist Church, Anne Rosebrock. I quickly read the email and was greatly impressed by the powerful message it contained.
WATCH. 
WATCH. 
This Man's Mom Had The Best Reaction To His Transgender Partner. 
Gay Pride 2014 -- The Year of Victory?. As I celebrated Gay Pride this past weekend with family and friends, I couldn't help but notice a completely different feeling in the air compared to prior Pride weekends.
What The Bible REALLY Says About Homosexuality. 
President Obama. President Obama has the opportunity to solidify his legacy by creating a clear vision for full federal LGBTQ equality. LGBTQ people in too many places in the United States live under the overwhelming weight of oppression.
New Study Shows Why It's Tough To Be Bi. 
PHOTOS. 
'Trannygate'. In the past year I've increasingly been made aware of the growing meaning the word \tranny\ has taken on for members of the transgender community. For the most part I have gotten a pass because of what Trannyshack is, but still it nagged at me. What was really the catalyst for me deciding that I had to consider a change was when I came across a post on Facebook.
A Look At Some Lesser Known LGBT Historical Sites Around The U.S.. 
16 Moments of Pride for LGBTQ Philanthropy. While the work of the LGBTQ movement is far from done, Pride Month is a great opportunity for the LGBTQ community to reflect on just how far we've come in a relatively short period of time.
Celebrating Same-Sex Love Across The Animal Kingdom. 
Save The Straights.. Save The Planet?. 
How This Jaded Queen Was Taught the True Meaning of Pride... in Kalamazoo (PHOTOS). I wasn't expecting to get a reality check from a place that sounds like it came out of a Dr. Seuss book.
8 Incredible Ways That Cities Are Showing Their Acceptance For Gay Pride. 
After Dark. 
5 Ways DOMA's Demise Changed The Finances Of Same-Sex Married Couples. 
An Out-Of-This World Gay Pride For NASA In San Francisco. 
The Christian Closet. A famous quotation widely attributed to Gandhi has been on my mind a lot lately
A Bleeding Heart.... 
Gay Pride. There are loads of white gay celebrities who are quite open and willing to engage in discussion. The disparity between out white and out black public figures is quite bothersome.
One Year Later. One year ago today, in two historic decisions, the Supreme Court struck down the heart of the so-called \Defense of Marriage Act\ in Windsor v. United States. In an instant, the world changed forever.
This Coming-Out Will Make You Want To ... Redecorate?. 
Gay Teen Allegedly Forced To Wear Offensive Name Tag At Fast Food Job. 
LGBT Advocates Get Revenge On Republican Candidate In The Best Way Possible. 
Hello, Indiana -- Let's Celebrate Love and Happiness Together for a Whole Week (By the Way, I'm Gay). I have spoken with many people who feel that a Pride parade in the Midwest probably features a tightknit group of folks from the local LGBTQ community only -- and that it's sure to draw groups of angry protestors. That was certainly not the case at Circle City IN Pride Festival 2014 in Indianapolis.
10 Great Coming Outs Of 2014 -- And It's Only June!. 
It Might Be A 'Great Time To Be Gay,' But Grindr Survey Reveals Discrimination Fears. 
Boys (and Girls) in Chairs. As I started receiving attendant care and being made to wear pee bags (for my own freedom, they claimed -- really?), I noticed that my ability and desire to freely \whip it out,\ as it were, had waned with my loss of privacy. Now there were all these barriers to self-love.
What If Feminists Stole the National Health Agenda?. Recently, on one of my long walks, I asked myself, \What if we started from scratch and redefined 'health and wellness' in a way that is fad-proof and could withstand the test of time without dictating regular changes in diet, exercise and outfits? What would that look like?\ Then a friend sent me a link to Ms. Fit.
Dear Market Researcher, I'm Gay -- Stop Sending Playboy Subscription Offers!. Gay acceptance has reached new heights if 49-year-old, recently married gay men are one of Playboy's \preferred demographics.\
Single-Sex Institutions in a Multi-Gender World. It's time for girls' and women's institutions to move from reactivity to well-considered policy. Fundamentally, women's colleges were founded on the premise that women could, and should, think.
In a Word. I would like to propose that when we see each other, when we greet each other, when we congratulate or debate each other, we do it all with great kindness; that no matter what we believe to be true or not true about words and the meanings behind them, we refuse to use any form of language that might be even remotely jarring to someone's spirit.
Mexican Coach Allegedly Defends Use of Homophobic Slur; FIFA Investigates. Over the years, I've heard a lot of explanations from people who want to defend the use of this word beginning with 'gringos don't understand -- it's cultural.'
Glass Ceiling. Glass Closet. Glass Cubicle. This Is living?. Scary as it might seem to break the Windex shine on the windows of our lives, often, that breakage is the exact medicine we need to catapult our lives into a new realm of inner peace, happiness and self-awareness in order to achieve the ultimate \AL\ -- Authentic Life!
Secretary of State Kerry Pays Lip Service to LGBTI Equality While Denying Pride Visas for LGBTI Africans. While Kerry gushed about the State Department's accomplishments for LGBT people and reminded us to be active instead of alarmed at the growing global anti-gay trend, the embassies he leads were turning down visas for LGBTI Africans to attend San Francisco Pride 2014.
'Scandal' Star. 
Here Are Some Must-See Tips For Gay College Life. 
WATCH. 
Study Reveals Where You Find Your Sexual Partners Is Key To Your Risk For STI's. 
WATCH. 
Why Pride Is Not a Choice, But Necessary to Our Survival. As we pull ourselves back up and wipe off the loss, we are held up by those before us who took to the streets that fateful night at Stonewall and refused to remain victims. We are leap years closer to equal rights because of their brave sweat and tears and we carry on the fight in their honor.
After Dark. 
5 Ways To Be A Great Gay Dad. 
This Community Is Ours -- Let's Own It!. At what moment did gay men throw up their hands and say, \This isn't my community anymore! I'm stepping away. Moving away. I don't belong here anymore\? I ask because I hear that often.
A Senate Campaign Interlude With Friends, Family and the President. As for so many of my friends who were present to listen to the president, all the aspects of my life seemed to have come together to help produce positive change. The education, advocacy, community service and political lobbying and maneuvering all have that one goal
The Beautiful Story Of A Military Family Living And Loving In A Post-DADT World. 
Obama's Challenge to the LGBT Community. Lost in all the online coverage of President Obama's speech at the DNC LGBT Gala this week in New York -- with his powerful words on the AIDS crisis and his announcement that he would sign an executive order barring federal contractors from firing us -- was a challenge to our community that few noticed.
A Gay Dad Offers Gov. Rick Perry a 12-Step Recovery Program for His Homophobia Problem. Homophobia is the thing tearing families apart, inspiring physical abuse, and leading to death. Homophobia is the disease, and it appears to be the one with which you, Governor, are afflicted
Exploring The World Of Cuba's Gay Cabarets. 
A Year Out of the Closet. A year ago, I nervously boarded a flight from Kennedy airport in New York to Portland, Oregon. I would be attending the LGBT Sports Coalition's Summit hosted by Nike. Over 50 leaders in the LGBT sports world would embrace me and change my life forever.
You Know Who Else Has More Than One Father? AMERICA!. 
Gays of Future Past. For anyone under 30, it may be difficult to imagine a time when the gay-rights movement wasn't operating at a milestone-a-minute pace. Fortunately a wave of artistic and media projects has emerged to remind us of heroes past, to refocus us on the type of activism that helped elevate the LGBT movement and to inspire us to make that final push.
The Story of Ferdinand. The Story of Ferdinand by Munro Leaf was published in 1936, just before the Spanish Civil War. Because it was widely viewed as pacifist propaganda, it was banned in many countries.
S. Chris Shirley's Playing By The Book --  A Young Man's Story of Scripture and Self-Acceptance. 
Why I Won't Be at Pride This Year, in One Long Rant. Because I don't have 0-percent body fat, and, from what I keep reading, that is the purpose of Pride. And those who tell us it has nothing to do with body fat, and that we need to stop obsessing over unattainable physical-perfection goals, tend to possess unattainable physical perfection.
Shame on You, Basic Rights Oregon. I ran for a legislative seat here in Oregon and lost. But during the endorsement process I gained an interesting insight into politics
Sam Smith's Pop Rise. He's a British blue-eyed soul singer who is anything but the norm, not because of his sexuality (which he has yet to officially define by hanging a label on it) or his physical appearance but because his rise seems to have been imported from another era when stars were born, not manufactured.
Taking On Conversion Therapy in Texas. When Ryan Kendall, a young gay man living in Denver, heard the news back in 2008 that the Califor\u00adnia Supreme Court had ruled in fa\u00advor of the freedom to marry, he reached out to us, and we soon learned that, as a 14-year-old boy, he had survived brutal so-called \conversion\ therapy to change his sexual orientation.
International LGBT Rights. I have long thought that LGBT can be seen as the proverbial \canary in the mine shaft,\ since in places where individuals, institutions, and entire societies marginalize, commit violence against, and deny basic human rights to LGBT people, other social groups face similar adverse treatment as well.
Spencer Shows Big Pride in a Small Town Indiana Setting. All across the nation, tens of thousands will gather some time in June for annual gay pride parades and festivities. TV cameras easily capture dancing go-go boys and prancing gender illusionists.
Who Was the First Person to Ever Thank a Same-Sex Partner on a Nationally Televised Awards Show? (AUDIO/VIDEO). John Glines, the producer who won the 1983 Tony Award for Best Play (Torch Song Trilogy), explains how he came to produce the show and take it to Broadway in this extensive interview on my podcast.
WATCH. 
Brandon Grant, Vice President of Impulse Group, Shares What Pride Means To Him. 
How These Amazing People Thrive In The Face Of Adversity. 
10 Reasons God Loves Gay Christians. 
LOOK. 
25 Reasons Having Gay Dads Is Awesome!. Let's celebrate what makes gay dads unique, as well as what makes them as equally awesome as all the other active, engaged and loving fathers out there.
Justice for Jane Doe and the Urgency of Survival. Jane asked her supporters to share this representation of her so you can see her as the person that those of us who know her best do
An Open Letter to Parents. We know the world is changing. Gay marriage is gaining support in households as well as in courts and legislatures, but there's still the fundamental problem that coming out as a gay man puts you in a minority community with majority parents.
History Is Made As Rams Officially Sign Michael Sam To 4-Year Multi-Million Dollar Contract. 
Let's All Start Kissing In Public A LOT More!. 
After Dark. 
LOOK. 
From Caskets to Cradles. If you had told me in 1991, when funerals were as much a part of my social life as fraternity parties had been a year earlier, that someday I would be helping men with HIV have babies of their own, I would have laughed in your face. But that's exactly what I am doing today.
Celebrities Show Heart for amfAR's Inspiration Gala (VIDEO). The Normal Heart may have educated us on how events unfolded when the virus first became known but, as one of the world's leading nonprofit organizations, amfAR celebrates its success in funding more than 3,300 grants to researchers around the world working to find a cure.
Remembering Daddy. When I became a cheerleader, my father said, \Why don't you just shoot me now? I told your mother, 'Get him a toy gun and a Bowie knife,' but no, she just had to get you that damn yellow stuffed bear!\ In my mother's defense, I was 5, and the bear was jonquil, not yellow.
LOOK. 
Sending Harvey Milk Throughout the Planet. As marginalized people, we are pushing the boundaries unwilling any longer to accept the repressive status quo. In coalition with other disenfranchised groups and allies, we are refusing to buckle under and to assimilate into a corrupt system.
Dear Dad, Happy Father's Day. So I'm curious, Dad. If we could find peace over our differences about my homosexuality, what might be different in our relationship? How would our relationship improve? What else might we discover we really like about each other?
Justin Utley. Meeting Justin Utley is like catching up with one of your closest friends, as his calm-but-confident energy puts you instantly at ease. I met him in Dublin, a day after his flight from New York to start off his Irish and UK tour. His musical beginnings are not like most other touring Americans who travel abroad.
A Celebration Of Judy Garland And LGBT Youth. 
Coming Out to Your Healthcare Provider. We can't expect to get appropriate care from our health providers if we don't come out to them. Conversely, our providers have to be well-versed in the healthcare needs of LGBT people. Aside from our romantic partners, our providers are the people who most need to be aware of our gender identity, sexuality, and sexual behavior.
Desecrating Dr. Maya Angelou's Funeral. When news circulated that the notorious Westboro Baptist Church was planning to protest the \home-going\ service of our nation's most beloved citizen, poet, author, civil-rights activist, and sister sage to us all, Dr. Maya Angelou, there was a collective gasp of disbelief.
10 Annoying Things About Having a Friend Hotter Than You. Ever since I came out, it seems I've always had at least one friend who is way hotter than I am.  Here are my observations of this sometimes annoying relationship dynamic.
This Newlywed Gay Couple In Wisconsin Got An Amazing Surprise At Dinner. 
'WHOA, DUDE!' Pride Edition (NSFW). 
Helping LGBT Youth Find 'Forever Families'. 
Here Are Some Sweet Offers For Your Pride Month. 
WATCH. 
The Danger Of Blaming National Tragedies On The Gay Community. 
Why Hate Defeats Itself. Along came Anita Bryant with her Save Our Children crusade and enough was enough. This kid, steeped in Bible-believing, conservative fundamentalism, sat down and wrote a letter to the newspaper denouncing Bryant's intolerance. To say the least, it was noticed.
Armed Forces Will Make History At D.C.'s Gay Pride Parade. 
Why The 'Hearts And Minds' Of Texans Are Changing On Gay Marriage. 
Rome's Gay Pride Revelers Have Other Aims For Their March. 
Why It's Not Okay for Andrew Garfield to Play a Trans Woman. It would be nice, for once, if actual transgender people were given a platform to actually say that we exist, on our own terms. It would be refreshing if there was an acknowledgment that fixing the problems we face is going to take more than pride and proclaiming that we exist.
A 'Magically Delicious' Way To Kick Off Pride Month. 
Boys in Chairs. I am pretty certain that if you read the title of this post on its face, it sounds like I have written an amazing 80s pop ballad about how I loved a man, but he couldn't love me because of my disability, and so I couldn't allow him back in my heart.
'Mean Gays' and Beauty Culture. In an era with sex on our fingertips, literally just a swipe away, we have seen an increase of beauty culture that has required Adonis-type bodies to be deemed attractive in the queer community.
Bakery Owner Vows To Stop Making Wedding Cakes Altogether After Pro-Gay Court Ruling. 
It Shouldn't Take Magic to Be Accepted. When I get married and have kids myself someday, I'll be trying to live up to what my parents taught me
Looking Back. Thanks to Jane Lynch and the open lesbian character she played when she was a freshman, I too can look back at that thespian moment in my life and see it for what it was
Dealing With Gay Body Shame. 
What Does It Really Mean To Be Transgender?. 
LOOK. 
Here's An Incredible Way To Support LGBT Homeless Youth. 
Was I a Teenage Sexual Predator?. People say I was dealing with adults who had the capacity to know better. And, most bruising to my ego, they tell me that my seductive charms were irrelevant, and that perhaps it was the adults who were doing the manipulating.
Why Getting Married May Help People Drink Less. 
Celebrating Pride Month With Your Favorite TV Shows. 
What Happened When I Came Out to My Wife and Kids. Getting to gay has not been easy. Everyone that knows accepts who I am, but I still struggle.  Everyone around me believes everything is going to be fine.  Why can't I?
A Poem for the Awkward Moments Trans People Find Ourselves in Every Day (VIDEO). 
Why Being Gay Makes This Man Appreciate Women. 
Janet Mock. 
Restaurant Gets Big Surprise After Refusing To Serve 'Fag' Customers. 
Celebrating Pride and Family on 'Blogging for LGBTQ Families Day'. I'd like to invite all bloggers, LGBTQ and allies, to participate in the ninth annual Blogging for LGBTQ Families Day on Monday, June 2. Just post at your own blog in support of LGBTQ families (however you define them) and submit the link to mombian.com, where I'll compile and showcase the master list for all to see.
Gay Dad Sounds Off On Legislature Worried About Standardized Tests Making Kids Gay. 
Hollywood Screenwriter Says Depiction Of Gay Men In Films Is 'Horrible'. 
Second Arrest Made In Beating Of Trans Women On Atlanta Public Transportation. 
Meet The Former Miss Kentucky Turned Queer Pioneer. 
The Normal Heart. The Normal Heart remembers moments, then reinvents others, and it reminds me that AIDS fiction is not the truth but a reflection on the emotional truth of an epidemic. That's all I ask for. Lie to me about the look of a lesion and I will forgive you. Lie to me about the emotional truth of the epidemic and I'll pitch you out like an old AZT bottle.
It's Not the '80s Anymore. Determinations of what medical treatments are covered by Medicare are made mostly by regional decision-making bodies, but there is a small number of national rules -- called NCDs -- regarding whether certain treatments are covered by Medicare. In 1981, HHS issued an NCD that Medicare does not cover transition-related health care.
Hey Sister, Go Sister!. Sister Luciana cursed. She took me by the hair, which was blonde and curly, looked me in the eyes and shouted
A Look Back At Some Of The Week's Biggest LGBT News Stories. 
The Truth About Anti-Trans* Slurs. We must find a way to understand the damage we do. We can't continue to throw around words that we don't find personally offensive and wash our hands of the harm they cause to someone else. If we do anything less than put an end to the use of anti-trans* slurs, then we are just bullies.
Leading Anti-Gay Organization Dealt Huge Blow. 
Is Being Well Endowed a Blessing or a Curse?. 
5 Lessons From the Normal Heart of Matt Bomer. I was prepared for a big cry-fest when I watched the HBO film, The Normal Heart, but I didn't shed tears. Instead, I felt a deep profound feeling in my gut that challenged my own attitudes towards what I allow to hold me back. I asked Matt Bomer what lessons he learned from helping tell this story.
Doing the Minimum On Minimum Wage. We need more leadership from the top, as we had when the President came out for marriage equality and lit a fire under the movement and the party.
It's Time We Exposed The Media's Lies About Transgender Kids. 
Gay Father Whose Beautiful Photo Of His Family Inspired Outrage Speaks Out. 
Bianca Del Rio Talks Hurricane Bianca and What's Next For Her Infamous Rolodex of Hate. It's been less than a week since Bianca del Rio was crowned America's Next Drag Superstar and her dance card is full of appearances, from New York to Mississippi to Alabama, and that's just in the last week of May. But, Bianca has her eyes set on bigger stages and silver screens.
Tongzhi Culture. 
Radio Hosts 'Wish We Could Take Back' On-Air Comments Blasting Transgender Health Care. 
Ten Things HIV-Positive Guys Want Negative Guys To Know. 
New Study Finds Bisexual Women Face More Challenges Than Heterosexual Women In This Key Area. 
What NOT to Do When Someone Comes Out to You. Don't discuss \your gays\ like nail polish or Tamagotchis. Don't \collect\ gay friends, though they may add mounds of platonic goodness to that drab life of yours. Gay friends are not your personal magical, well-dressed accessories.
Ian McKellen Like You've Never Seen Him Before.... 
10 Things I Wish I Could Tell My Younger Self. Don't wait another second. You can recover from a lot of things -- a lost job, people in your life who react badly, discrimination, and much more -- but the one thing you can never get back is your youth. Spend it being who you are, not running away from it.
Great News For Costa Rica's LGBT Community. 
A Look Back At Some Of The Week's Biggest LGBT News Stories. 
Gay Actor Challenges Church To 'Recognize The Natural, Unthreatening Nature Of Homosexuality'. 
LISTEN. 
WATCH. 
The Prodigal Gay Uncle. Catholic doctrine states that homosexual acts are \intrinsically disordered.\  As I came to a more mature awareness of my homosexuality, there were always people claiming that they learned love from Christ, yet they built a wall between gays and Jesus.
LOOK. 
Cher Under Fire From Notoriously Anti-Gay Church. 
WATCH. 
Lessons From a Brush Fire. \What do you want us to grab, honey?\ my mom asks me on the phone. There's a fire raging towards my house. I'm not there. Someone else has to help me. \What do you want us to grab, honey?\
Facing Death, Gay Couples Aim To 'Turn Straight' In Controversial NYC Play. 
New Study Reveals How Americans Would Feel About Supporting A Gay Presidential Candidate. 
Married Gay Couple Sue Florida For In-State Tuition. 
This New Vaccine Is Being Pushed To Help Gay And Bi Men Avoid Cancer. 
Over 120 Countries Are Coming Together To Fight Homophobia And Transphobia. 
10 Years of Marriage Equality. I am incredibly proud of the fact that Cambridge made the decision to issue marriage licenses in the first moments of May 17, 2004. The cheering crowds on the front lawn still echo through the years. In the decade since that incredible night, the spirit of tolerance and equality has been slowly, steadily sweeping over this nation.
The Dallas Principles, Five Years Later. The Dallas Principles were an effort to codify, in a manifesto of sorts, the values with which the LGBT community could most effectively move forward. I think we did a good job at expressing our beliefs and putting them into language that could be embraced by the community at large. Let's take them one by one.
Where Is the Gay Marriage Disaster?. It's been 10 years since same-sex marriage was legalized in Massachusetts. So, precisely what are the results of this deregulation? Anti-gay activists predicted disaster for \the family,\ but were always quite vague about how.
Long Beach Kicks Off Season of Pride 2014 - May 17, 18. On the morning of June 28, 1969, a raid was tried at the Stonewall Inn. It wasn't a gay bar -- there were none. It was owned by the mafia, and was a place for all outcasts, including drag queens, butch lesbians, feminine boys and male prostitutes.
Mixed Messages. Whether it's new funding for monitoring coverage of LGBT issues or incorporating LGBT awareness in current media development initiatives around the world, we can make it so that the stories of LGBT individuals and communities are told with the accuracy and dignity that all people deserve.
Boys in Chairs. As quickly as those words entered my ears, I became the boy  in the chair. Immediately an outsider in a group that was supposed to embrace outsiders.
What Is Love? This Lesbian Teen Has It All Figured Out (VIDEO). Tyunique Nelson was struggling with parts of her life. Through her struggles she found some peace with Alex, a new person she met at school.
Hawaii Legalized Same-Sex Marriage 6 Months Ago -- Guess What's Happened Since. 
Hollywood's Take On HIV/AIDS (VIDEO / AUDIO). As the world gears up for HBO's The Normal Heart, I present a recent episode of SnowbizNow in which standout films in 30 years of AIDS in cinema are honored.
Is Our Understanding of Sexual Orientation Changing?. Having met more young people, I'm seeing sexual orientation as far more fluid than I once thought, and often not about sex at all. Indeed, when I hold my husband, the end goal is not always climax but comfort, adoration, reassurance, and so much more.
Sharing the Stories of LGBT Youth. \My family's always been very supportive of me. I came out to my family when I was 14, but I wouldn't really consider it a coming out; I just confirmed it. I've been a feminine boy forever. It was good they already realized.\
Filmmaker K. Rocco Shields Joins Forces With GLSEN to End Bullying (AUDIO). This week I talked with filmmaker K. Rocco Shields about her multiple-award-winning viral short Love Is All You Need?, which is about to become a full-length feature film. The concept of the film follows the life of an ordinary heterosexual girl who is bullied in a world where everyone is gay.
The Joy of Gay Sex, Michael Sam and Biblical Literalism. For everyone's sake, it's long past time to stop claiming that right-wing Christian revulsion in response to same-sex romantic love has anything to do with the Bible. Nothing in scriptures prohibits a kiss between two men.
Sissies and Kisses. I am all for people appreciating Michael Sam's achievements, but there is no need to denigrate femme gay men and further femmephobia to do it. Femmephobia is a serious problem inside and outside the gay community.
Conchita Wurst Rises Like a Phoenix!. Bearded Austrian drag queen Conchita Wurst's epic victory in this year's Eurovision competition sent a clear and powerful message to all the homophobes, and anti-LGBT factions in Eastern Europe and elsewhere.
Getting Up Close to Homophobia. I've started engaging homophobes in deep conversation, looking for the reasons, spoken and unspoken, that they feel this total incomprehension, disgust and dislike when it comes to gay people, especially gay men. My findings have led me to a sort of classification of homophobia into seven (often overlapping) types.
How a Conservative Catholic Girl Became a Producer on a Gay Web Series. I'm still a radical, political queer and Kristyne is still a conservative, Catholic girl, and I am so happy that we were able to work together, despite our differences, to produce EastSiders.
A Vietnamese Mother's Story to Her Gay Son. It was my relationship with a former partner that finally prompted me, in my 30s, to come out to my parents. And it was that relationship that finally led me to bring a man home to meet my parents. It turns out that I did not give my mom and dad enough credit.
BB and Me. The fact that I have never barebacked speaks more toward my emotional flaws than some enlightened sexual ethic I possess. If I were a better gay man, I would have had a boyfriend by now who I loved enough to bareback with.
Ms. in One Hand, Playboy in the Other. As a child, I was raised by one parent who was a charter subscriber to Ms. magazine and spent weekends in the bachelor pad of another who collected (also from its first issue) Playboy. Perhaps it is no wonder then that today I am a professor of gender and sexuality studies,
Michael Sam. Football fans realize that draft decisions are nuanced -- an art and a science. And that's exactly why Sam's poor draft showing should disappoint those who hoped and expected better from the NFL on draft day. Sam's on-field performance speaks volumes.
Harvey Fierstein. 
This Mom Says What Every Trans Child Needs To Hear. 
WATCH. 
Conchita Wurst's Eurovision Triumph Is 'The End Of Europe,' Russian Official Claims. 
WATCH. 
Some Huge Advances For Cuba's Gay Community, But Why Is Marriage Equality So Distant?. 
This Man Could Be The First Southern Elected Official To Allow Gay Couples To Wed. 
Waffles and Roller Coasters. Being a parent can sometimes seem like trying to juggle on a roller coaster. Being an LGBT parent can sometimes seem like trying to do so without the safety belt everyone else is wearing. But the experience is really not so different for any of us. It takes balance, flexibility, and nerves of steel.
The Effects of Bullying. At the end of this month, the Von Bs are joining forces with several friends and businesses for an event to benefit Michael Morones, the 11-year-old My Little Pony fan who was bullied so severely that he attempted suicide. All the planning has gotten me thinking about bullying and how it has affected me personally.
Nobody Gets to Tell My Sons What It Means to Be a Man. I think my husband is doing a great job of teaching them what it means to be a man. My sons learn from him that men are strong, smart, silly and creative. But what am I teaching our sons about what it means to be a woman? My sons learn from me that women are strong, smart, silly and creative.
Sorry Miranda, Gay Doesn't Mean Stupid. Gay doesn't actually mean stupid, and attempting to redefine a word that is meant to describe a minority group to mean \stupid\ is a micro-aggression towards the LGBT community.
Obama Backed Marriage Equality 2 Years Ago -- So How Do Gay Men Feel About Him Now?. 
The Story Of These Two Gay Dads Will Warm Your Heart. 
Nintendo Erases Gay Relationships From Game, Faces Backlash. The tag line for the game is \Your friends. Your drama. Your life.\ It should probably follow that up with \So long as you're heterosexual.\
This STD Has Had A Troubling Surge Among Gay And Bisexual Men. 
How The Fabulous Palm Springs Follies High-Kicked My Sobriety. It was the first time that I didn't think about having -- or not having -- a drink. I lost myself in the joy of that matinee performance and the exuberance of the performers who were happy to be alive despite -- or because of -- the years of baggage behind them.
Three Years Gone but Never Forgotten. Three years ago the world and I lost Thomas Lee Bridegroom. Tom loved me like no one ever had. He taught me to love myself and reminded me every day that I was worthy of my own love and the love of others. His absence has been felt each and every day of these past three years.
You Won't Believe What NPH Wore To The Met Gala. 
Former Bush Official Compares Gays To Murderers In New Interview. 
A Member Of The Supremes Speaks Out About The Group's Gay Following. 
You Won't Believe What These 'Drag Race' Dress Recreations Are Made Of. 
Losing Virginity on a Technicality. For those of us lucky enough to exercise control over our own bodies, we are also free to label our so-called 'loss,' despite the archaic definitions you will still find in dictionaries.
LOOK. 
WATCH. 
Allies and Angels. In their book Allies and Angels
Transmuting Transphobia. 
Boys in Chairs. To all those of us living somewhere between independence and an institutional structure
'It's A Trans Trans Trans World'. 
What It's Like to Come Out in Brazil (VIDEO). Brazil has a reputation as a sex-positive country. But Kelvin explains that when it comes to homosexuality, Brazilian families might not be as liberal as you'd think.
From AIDS Reporter To Children's Author? Why It's A Natural Step. It's a normal and deeply human need we have to nurture the next generations. It's not exclusive to heterosexuals. Judging from my own experience, it's not even necessary to want children of your own to feel this desire to \pass on\ and share what you have learned.
The End of Your Relationship May Already Be in Your Pocket. People need privacy. We need our own little secrets, our hot steamy affairs, our dirty chats with perfect strangers. It helps keep life in balance. But a relationship needs trust and openness. Keeping secrets on your cellphone is too easy.
#ROSWEGLYN- A Youtube 'Meet and Greet' That Became So Much More. Youtube hasn't just brought ROSWEGLYN together as friends, but it also has brought a whole new community along with it where acceptance is key.
A Little Gay Jewish Boy. I have spent most of my adult life distancing myself from my Jewish identity.  On many levels this isn't that surprising
This Russian Politician Does NOT Want Drag Queen Performing At Eurovision. 
LOOK. 
Spilled Milk. Sometimes it's tricky explaining America to an 8-year-old. When our daughter was that age, the trick was explaining marriage. Now it's our son James who's turned 8. This time the America I find myself having to explain is the Boy Scouts of America.
10 Names for Me That I Find Offensive, Incorrect, Bigoted, Sexist and Just Plain Wrong!. Calling me a boy implies that I am either immature or some kind of sexual plaything, and not at the same intellectual level as a man. There's a demeaning hierarchy in motion.
A Ray Of Hope For Lesbian Veteran Denied Burial Next To Wife?. 
Dear Unborn Son or Daughter. You're going to be my child and I'm going to love you forever. Everything I am working for in my life right now is so you could be proud of me.
Living and Sleeping With the Enemies?. You don't have to wear a white sheet with a pointy hat and go around burning crosses to be racist. We all harbor prejudices of some kind, and many people are carelessly and casually racist while being perfectly pleasant otherwise. As I see it, racism and homophobia are two sides of the same coin.
For All The Girls I Loved Before I Knew I Could. For the girls I loved before I knew that's what I was doing, I promise to blaze a trail of queer wherever I can. I'll do it for Amanda, for Ana and for Kelly, and for every person who fears their love is something lesser than love.
The Underground World Of Baltimore's Voguing Scene. 
I Want You, Gentle Reader, to Lighten Up!. I am still a fan of those in our community who are so punk rock that they have adopted certain loaded words to self-identify. Rock on, darlings! Just remember that there are indeed still prejudices and still impressionable minds who hear and see everything going on.
LGBT Parenting. As LGBT youth, adults and families know all too well, bullying isn't confined to just the playground, classroom, or cafeteria -- it can happen to anyone, anywhere. And as my wife and I prepare for the birth of our first child, we have to learn when negative actions become a teaching moment.
Why This New Yorker Says His Experience Is Like 'Flashdance,' Except 'My Leotard Is A Little Bigger'. 
Which Queen Is Winning the Social Media Drag Race?. Before season 6 of RuPaul's Drag Race concludes with its annual coronation of a new winner crowned by RuPaul himself, I thought I would check in to see which queen is winning the social media drag race.
The Importance of Raising Your Voice. We've come a long way since our lives and experiences were deemed illegal and we were forced to remain in the closet or else be subject to arrest, but we have a ways to go before we can claim true equality under the law.
Gay Marriage or Civil Rights?. Rabbi Yanklowitz states that we should \do what is right not what is popular.\ So is the rabbi the civil rights freedom fighter of the 1950's or is he the one in agreement with the movement in the 1970's?
Gay Activists 'Are Like Leeches,' Pundit Claims. 
The Gay Wedding That Ruined My Idea of Marriage. What I love about the way this couple is planning their wedding is that they treat the event like it is very special, but it is not an end in itself. They see that there are many more great things that will transpire in their lifetimes.
Crossing An Ocean For Love...And Tying The Knot On Broadway. 
Your Weekly LGBT Wellness Round Up. 
Meet The Austrian Drag Queen Set To Tackle Eurovision. 
A Response to Rev. Franklin Graham. I asked my youngest son, Matthew, who is 15, to watch the This Week segment with me. His only reaction was to snort dismissively when Graham spoke about gay parents and adoption. \What does he know?\
The Challenges of Finding Employment as a 52-Year-Old Transgender Woman. Getting a meaningful job seems unattainable right now. I can't change things that are beyond my control. I can't change the fact that I'm 52, and that I'm transsexual with a voice like a guy.
Jane Doe, Imprisoned 16-year-old Trans Teen, Speaks Out. 
PrEP Yourself. Fighting amongst ourselves does nothing to advance the discussion and bring greater clarity to ending HIV. MIchael Weinstein's comments  about Truvada being a \party drug\ may have been flippant and imprecise, but in that sense he is no guiltier than those who flatly promote PrEP as \90- to 99-percent effective\ without clarifying that such rates of risk reduction are hypothetical.
How This Couple Found Their 'Forever Family'. 
State Refuses To Let 74-Year-Old Lesbian Veteran Be Buried Next To Her Wife. 
Spain's Elderly LGBT Community Is Getting Its First Retirement Home. 
How This NYC 'Prince' Found His Own Happily Ever After. 
What I Did Not Save. Sometimes, I wake up in a cold sweat thinking about a lost moment of activism, of resistance, of assertion of lesbians' words in Ann Arbor. I think of the ways I have failed lesbians and lesbian culture.
Betty White Discusses What She Really Thinks About Gay People. 
New Group of Marriage Equality Supporters Calls for 'Tolerance' of Homophobia. The statement, titled \Freedom to Marry, Freedom to Dissent,\ desperately tries to revive the lie that Eich was targeted and toppled by LGBT activists -- a victim of \left-liberal\ \intolerance,\ as Andrew Sullivan so ridiculously claimed.
Bianca Del Rio From RuPaul's Drag Race Tells All (VIDEO). 
Celebrate Mother Nature. In honor of Mother Nature, and in celebration of Earth Day and Month, 2014, here is my new poem, which also honors the precious life of Marius, the young giraffe who was senselessly killed at the Copenhagen Zoo.
Being Gay Is a Religious Right. Living from a place of fully loving every part of yourself, especially when confronted head-on with the haters, is not only the path to a deep spiritual awakening; it is exactly what Jesus faced on His own prophesied path.
When the Party Stops. It's called a one-night stand because it's only supposed to be a short moment of your life, something you can just walk away from and maybe brag to your friends about. But if it changes you and leaves you with scars, can you still call it a one-night stand?
Gay Culture. 
In Iran, Homophobia as Political Posturing. The political establishment of Iran is not known for its open-mindedness or tolerance on sexuality and gender. Nonetheless, its homophobic vitriol has been exceptionally high these past few weeks.
Long Live LGBTQ Oregonians. At this point, there has been so much confusing Affordable Care Act news coverage that many people in Oregon (and across the land) have developed ACA fatigue just from having to hear about it around the clock -- myself included.
Loving All God's Children Equally. My hope and prayer is for the church to fully embrace all LGBTQI people. This will have a dramatic impact for many, but most especially for our youth, who do not need to be shamed, \healed\ or merely tolerated but fully embraced and loved just as they are, beautifully created in God's image.
How A Smash Musical Fueled One College's Gay Rights Debate. 
What To Do When Your Spouse Comes Out. 
How This Transgender Political Hopeful Plans To Capitalize On 'Milestone' Ruling. 
9 New Gay Movies On Netflix Streaming. 
This Gay Teen Was Thrown Out Of His Home, Arrested And Tortured. 
On the \A\ w/Souleo. These days when Selena Blake thinks about her native land, Jamaica, there are no images of pristine beaches and sunny skies that come to mind. Instead, she sees the ugly face of homophobia and transphobia that continues to stain Jamaica's image.
Turbo Taxing My Last Gay Nerve. Why do some marriages need to be qualified and explained?
Mayor Who Fired Lesbian Police Chief Caught On Tape In Homophobic Tirade. 
Derrick Gordon, UMass Basketball Player, On Feeling 'Ecstatic' After Coming Out And Jason Collins' Influence. 
Rare Photo Collection Documenting 1960\u2032s Drag Culture Unearthed In Kansas City. Artist Robert Heishman says he caught his first glimpse into Kansas City\u2019s 1960\u2032s drag scene while rummaging around a Kansas
Queer New World. Where do you ultimately hope drag takes you? Carnegie Hall. And a touring cabaret-style show. I will conduct a full orchestra
Velvet Gloves Gentleman's Boxing Caters To Gay Men. For more information, contact info@velvetglovesboxing.com. But Velvet Gloves Gentleman's Boxing is sparring with stereotypes
#IStandwithAndraya Petition Calls for Central Piedmont Community College to Take Action for Trans Inclusion and Safety. This weekend Campus Pride launched an #IStandwithAndraya national petition drive calling on Central Piedmont Community College (CPCC) to apologize to transgender student Andraya Williams and to take immediate steps to ensure trans inclusion and safety.
Queer New World. What role do you see drag culture and the nightlife scene playing in the trajectory of the changing landscape of Brooklyn
Responding To Harlem's Anti-Gay Pastor With Love And Beauty. Often Black men and their same sex partners are pushed to the fringes of society and forced to endure ignorance and hatred alone. Our project is dedicated to making sure that folks do not continue to feel this way.
How I Found My Gender Through Being A Queer Porn Star. \u201cPerforming in porn has really made me take a much more critical look at the way I present myself to the world and be more
'Heels On Wheels,' Queer Femme Art Group, Launches Tour. The six performers touring with Heels On Wheels are Damien Luxe, Heather \u00c1cs, Shomi Noise, Sabina Ibarrola, Angel Nafis, Alvis
How Trans Rights Became The Civil Rights Struggle Of Our Generation. Deep into the dog days of last August and barely a week into my tenure at PolicyMic, I happened to glance up from my laptop
Mom Announces Her Son Is Transgender In The Best Way. Oliver was not immediately available for further comment. In a separate comment, she gave another loving shout-out to her
I Did It. When a white, atheist psychotherapist has lunch with the founder of Depressed Black Gay Men (DBGM), they each get food for thought.
'Hollywoodland,' Starring Willam, Highlights Gays That Hate Everything. Some of our favorite gay men really hate just about everything -- and don't care who knows it. Cue Willam Belli, \Drag Race
LGBT Wellness Roundup. Each week HuffPost Gay Voices, in a partnership with bloggers Liz Margolies and Scout, brings you a round up of some of the
'BUTCH,' Meg Allen Photo Project, Explores Female Identity And Presentation. Why did you decide to create BUTCH? I wanted see a gallery of people who looked like me in attractive portraits! Basically
'THE TENTH,' Brooklyn-Based Zine, Explores Queer Black Male Identity. Who are the artists being featured? Well, collectively we are the creative directors, contemporary artists, actors, professors
27 Powerful Portraits Challenging The Definition Of What It Means To Be LGBT. Queer. Femme. Unicorn. Bottom. Dandy. These are just some of the many ways members of the LGBT community identify themselves
Bisexual Culture Is No 'Fiction'. Even if these writers concede -- with hesitation of course -- that us bisexuals exist, now we do so without a cultural identity?
Lance Horne Taps Alan Cumming, Lea DeLaria And Joey Arias For Birdland Debut. Lance Horne has written with Jake Shears of the Scissor Sisters, served as Liza Minnelli's musical director, arranged for
'Little Horribles,' Darkly Comedic Web Series, Explores Queerness. Having recently wrapped up the finale episode of the 12-part first season, \Little Horribles\ is currently on a hiatus until
To Be Young, Gay and African. When I came out to my family, I did not flinch. I spoke my truth and stood my ground knowing that I would be punished in some way for having the audacity to assert my identity. What upset my family the most was the fact that I was proud of being gay.
15 Comics For Anyone Struggling To Explain What It Means To Be Queer. There are some extremely talented artist out there making hilarious work for us, the queers. Please check them out and if
LGBT Wellness Roundup. Each week HuffPost Gay Voices, in a partnership with bloggers Liz Margolies and Scout, brings you a round up of some of the
A Gay Dad. Standing Up to Homophobic Parents This is a situation that calls for a massive international relief effort. Putin\u2019s government
Mitch Albom Thinks Marriage Equality Undermines Marriage. Yes, Mitch, we're better off.  The state presented a pathetically juvenile and bigoted case and thanks to the judge's thoughtful and rigorous decision, anti-equality prejudice, bigotry and shoddy research were exposed.
Here's Your Chance To Join Joan Rivers On HuffPost Live. You never know what queen of controversy Joan Rivers will say next, and all bets are off when Joan and her daughter Melissa
'True Bromance' Showcases A Surprisingly Romantic Day In The City (VIDEO). It's amaaaaazng what a little editing can do. In this adorable and hilarious video from YouTuber MekkiLeeper, a day in the
Trans Youth Find Community On The Internet. Across the United States, thousands of people who identify as transgender are finding comfort in the same place that inflicts
Queer New World. Where can you be found throughout the week? Every Monday I can be found at Don Pedro in Brooklyn for Macy Rodman's show BathSalts
ONE National Gay And Lesbian Archives Presenting \EZTV. Still from Sondra Lowell's Tap Dance the News, 1988. Edited by Michael J. Masucci and Jake Wirshafter. EZTV Video Collection
I Swish. I swish. I'm tired of apologizing for it or being scared of it. I'm ready to be comfortable in my own skin. I'm not completely there, but I'm ready to be. Isn't that the first step? Acknowledging?
For LGBT Persons, a Strong, Loving Relationship Is Even More Important. When much of the world you live in continues to prove that it hates you, a strong, loving relationship isn't just a nice idea; it's part of surviving and living well.
NLGJA's 2014 'Headlines & Headliners' Benefit In NYC Draws Some Of Media's Biggest Names. Some of media's biggest names gathered at New York's Prince George Ballroom for \Headlines & Headliners,\ the National Lesbian
Boston Mayor Marty Walsh To Skip St. Patrick's Day Parade After Gay Marcher Deal Fails. By Elizabeth Barber Organizers of St. Patrick's Day parades in New York and Boston, among the most liberal-leaning cities
Boston's Cornerstone Pub Cuts Off Sam Adams Beer After Brewery Makes Pro-Gay Stance. \Sam Adams doesn\u2019t support South Boston,\ Flaherty's son, Tommy Flaherty Jr., told the Herald. \They don\u2019t want to support
Cameroon Battling 'Anti-Homosexuals Apartheid,' Lawyer Claims. This entry has expired
Queer New World. As noted by the hosts at the time of the event's announcement, Mr(s) Williamsburg is a nonrestrictive competition open to
8 Myths About Transgender Men's Genital Reconstructions. \It's not life-or-death,\ \It's cosmetic,\ \You need therapy, not surgery,\ and \It will burden taxpayers\ are among the many toxic myths in need of exploding. So -- with the caveats that this list is not exhaustive and I am no medical expert -- it's time to bust some myths!
Anglican Leader, James Tengatenga, Opens Up On Homophobia. PALM SPRINGS, Calif. \u2013 \u201cHi, my name is James.\u201d He looks like your typical tourist in the desert oasis that is Palm Springs
Heineken Beer Makers Join Sam Adams In Dropping Out Of St. Patrick's Day Parade Over Gay Ban. Sam Adams made the announcement after coming under pressure from Club Cafe, a Boston bar patronized by the gay community
The Growing Transgender Presence In Pop Culture. The first time Rhys Ernst saw Zackary Drucker was in 2005 at a bar in the East Village. Read more on NY Times
The 'Hidden Gay Agenda' Movie Test. I have developed a \hidden gay agenda\ movie test using the logic of the conservatives who are criticizing the animated Disney film Frozen.  Applied to any number of movie classics, this test proves to be enlightening.
LGBT Wellness Roundup. Each week HuffPost Gay Voices, in a partnership with bloggers Liz Margolies and Scout, brings you a round up of some of the
'Double Lives,' Daniella Zalcman Photo Series, Documents LGBT Ugandan Activists. What were your experiences like in Uganda? This trip was easier than most because I already had a working relationship with
The Incredibly True Adventures of a Lesbian Bartender. On this night I just can't help but offer my two cents to the asshole whose blatantly anti-Semitic, homophobic slurs begin to radiate throughout the space where I so calmly and coolly am drinking a semi-local brew on my night off.
'LATRELL!' Brandon Kyle Goodman Web Series, Engaged In Indiegogo Campaign. A powerful new web series is currently seeking funding in hopes of seeing more queer artists of color given a mainstream
Queer New World. Any parting words? #LongLiveTheNewFlesh #CLANGING #ARDENTCLARITY You won the first annual Mr(s) Williamsburg pageant last
Gay Couple Sues Vermont Town Over Decade Of Alleged Discrimination. \It's entirely based on their sexual orientation,\ Bond told local TV station WPTZ. \Neighbors insulted them, made obscene
'Did You Know The Moon Is Gay?' Released By Graham Gremore (VIDEO). From the mind of illustrator Graham Gremore comes this short film that asks \did you know the moon is gay?\ A celestial metaphor
'Pink Moon,' Film Starring Brandon Tyler Harris, Engaged In Kickstarter. From writer and director Sal Bardo comes \Pink Moon,\ a film that follows two teenagers dealing with an unwanted pregnancy
14 Best New Gay Movies On Netflix Streaming. I\u2019ve been keeping my eyes peeled for all the best new gay movies on Netflix streaming, and I\u2019ve come up with a pretty good
Chris Crocker Makes Gay Porn, 'Chris Crocker's Raw Love,' For Lucas Entertainment. \I was sending people nude photos when I was 14 -- which is another reason I don't want to be a role model for kids,\ he
Adrain Chesser, Photographer Who Shot Reactions To HIV Diagnosis, Discusses Project. Photographer Adrian Chesser joined HuffPost Live this week to discuss \I have something to tell you,\ his powerful photo
Video. Anti-gay laws are sweeping across Africa, from Nigeria to Uganda. On Friday, as part of a Global Day of Action, hundreds of LGBT Africans and their allies protested in New York, encouraging Americans to get involved.
RuPaul Teaches 'Drag Race' Pit Crew To 'Sissy That Walk'. We're now two episodes deep into the new season of \RuPaul's Drag Race\ and you've no doubt noticed the two new babes Ru
LGBT Wellness Roundup. Each week HuffPost Gay Voices, in a partnership with bloggers Liz Margolies and Scout, brings you a round up of some of the
19 Of The Queerest Oscar Moments Of All Time. Which got us wondering
Utah Attorney General Makes Gay Adoption Harder. \It feels terrible,\ said Kathy Harbin, who married her partner of nine years in Salt Lake City last December, a few days
Russia's Gay Athletic Games Suffer Disruption, Harassment. \Unfortunately here in Russia our right to do sports is violated. We've had limited access to the venues...especially yesterday
Boston St. Patrick's Day Parade To Welcome Gay Rights Group. RAINBOW FLAG WITH POT O' GOLD Unsuccessful efforts by gay rights groups to join the parade began in the 1990s, and reached
LGBT Health Roundup. Each week HuffPost Gay Voices, in a partnership with bloggers Liz Margolies and Scout, brings you a round up of some of the
Ryan Dolan, Gay Irish Singer, Releases 'Start Again'. Just weeks after coming out of the closet, Ryan Dolan, a former contestant in Ireland\u2019s Eurovision Song contest, has released
Your Mother Liked It Bareback. Whenever a new study of gay men shows, yet again, that we are having bareback sex, the arbiters of sexual rectitude among us decry this behavior as shameful, shocking, and murderous. So you can just imagine runaway pearls showering the floor when HuffPost Gay Voices reported on such a study.
Queer New World. What does it mean to you to be a drag queen or a drag performer? Do you consider what you do to be drag at all? I do drag
Straight Talk From a Lesbian Mom. The battle for acceptance is not solely taking place in the courts, but also at playgrounds, little league games, chess tournaments and in churches, synagogues, mosques, everywhere LGBT families are quietly going about the business of raising children and living their lives.
It Turns Out My Partner Is a Woman, So What Does That Make Me?. Eight months ago I pulled a bra out of the washing machine for the first time since breaking up with my college girlfriend and loudly coming out of the closet as a gay man a decade earlier. This bra belonged to someone I would have called my boyfriend a week earlier, before she came out to me as a transgender woman.
Kristen Ellis-Henderson and Cathy Henderson of Antigone Rising Talk New EP Supporting LGBT Rights (AUDIO). This week I talked with Kristen Ellis-Henderson and Cathy Henderson, co-founders of the all-female alternative country rock band Antigone Rising, about their music and their spin on LGBT issues.
LGBT People. As two recent reports demonstrate, for many LGBT people -- specifically LGBT people of color and elders -- the quest for home routinely comes up against a housing supply that's dilapidated, stretched thin, too expensive and far removed from the cities and neighborhoods we deserve to inhabit.
Courtney Act Releases 'To Russia With Love'. Courtney Act, who previously appeared on \Australian Idol,\ dropped \To Russia With Love\ this week in an attempt to bring
Leslie Jordan To Host 'The Hookies. \u201cHaving hired my first hooker at 14 (gave a boy my lunch money out in the woods), I am truly honored and excited to be hosting
Desmond Tutu. The Anglican cleric said he was \very disheartened\ to learn that Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni intended to sign a bill
Queer New World. What role do you see drag culture playing in the trajectory of the changing landscape of Brooklyn? Whether Manhattan or the
'Gay Scarf' Released By Pop Roulette (VIDEO). Winter may soon be (hopefully?) waning but that doesn't mean it's time to bust out the tank tops and cut-off shorts quite
Kings, Queercore Country Band, Releases Remixes Of 'Western Sky'. Kings, a Brooklyn-based queercore country group, has just released two remixes of their popular track \Western Sky.\ Composed
Kate Logan's 'An Act of Love' Tells Story Of United Methodist Minister Frank Schaefer. Check out the video above or head here to visit the film's Kickstarter for more information. Frank Schaefer, a former Methodist
Ellen Page Came Out as Gay, But Where Are Hollywood's Bisexual Role Models?. Perhaps the reason bi celebrities may be reluctant to come out is that they fear it would hurt their careers in a way that being gay no longer does. Perhaps they fear their fans will wonder whether they are confused, promiscuous, or indecisive. That's what people wonder about non-celebrities, after all.
Coming Out in Black History Month. Coretta Scott King was best-known for civil rights marches in the '60s alongside her husband, but most don't realize she was an early advocate for gay rights as well.
Arizona Anti-Gay Bill Prompts LGBT Advocate Protests. Republican state Senator Steve Yarbrough says the bill is about protecting religious freedom and rights that \must be respected
Real Talk With Rob Smith. This is my response to the tired \black vs. gay\ meme that's going on right now.
CeCe McDonald, Transgender Activist, Recalls Hate Attack, Manslaughter Case. \u201cWhat happened was after she made that comment I realized there was no longer a reason for me to be there. As I was turning
7 Politicians Who've Faced Gay Rumors. Throughout the course of American history, those involved in our country's political sphere have consistently faced rumors
Ellen Page, Role Models, Celebs, Leadership, and Being Your Own Hero. Maybe YOU are someone else's role model and you don't even know it, and maybe never will know it. All the more reason you should be out and proud -- and your own role model.
Rihanna Instagrams 'Principle 6' Beanie In Support Of LGBT Russians. Rihanna took to Instagram over the weekend in order to make a statement of solidarity with members of the lesbian, gay, bisexual
Katherine Heigl Campaigns To Complete 'Jenny's Wedding,' Her New Movie About Gay Marriage. The \Grey's Anatomy\ and \Knocked Up\ star describes \Jenny's Wedding\ as \a project that I'm so passionate about and grateful
'RuPaul's Drag Race' Renewed For Seventh Season, Accounces Open Casting Call. Check out the casting call above and head here for more information. Be sure to check out the premiere of the show's sixth
Rufus Warren, Mississippi State Football Player, Says 'Being Gay Is Not A Man'. He later tweeted an apology to his school. In the days following his announcement, Sam received an outpouring of support
Students Block Westboro Baptist Church's Michael Sam Protest With Wall Of Love. The act of kindness was not lost on Sam, who tweeted his thanks. On Saturday, Sam headed to Columbia, Mo., to join Missouri's
Queer New World. Best Bar/Club
Alexander Kargaltsev To Showcase 'Last Polaroids' In NYC (NSFW Graphic Content). \The naked body provides the purest form for my (geometric) compositions in photography. And with the naked form I can concentrate
Ellen Page Comes Out As Gay. Ellen Page, the star of the movie \Juno,\ announced that she was gay before an audience at a Human Rights Campaign event
Rosie O'Donnell Reveals Cosmopolitan Stopped Her From Coming Out As Gay In 1992 Article. The talk show host sat down with Marlo Thomas and talked about how life has changed for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender
Time to Thrive. I'm here today because I am gay. And because... maybe I can make a difference. To help others have an easier and more hopeful time. Regardless, for me, I feel a personal obligation and a social responsibility. I also do it selfishly, because I am tired of hiding and I am tired of lying by omission.
Mom's Homophobic Response To Gay Dads' Birthday Invite Was A Radio Show Hoax. This is not the only anti-gay hoax to reach the mainstream media recently. In December, a gay New Jersey waitress and former
Queer New World. \Alotta and I both have a shopping addiction,\ Thorgy Thor elaborated, \so we spend several days a month taking trips to
David Levitz, YouTube Personality, Discusses Gay Male Body Image, Eating Disorders. Having previously shared his experiences about \How To Be Gay In High School,\ Levitz utilizes this video to tackle the culture
Refuge Restrooms Helps Users Locate Gender Neutral Bathrooms. Widmer noted that a similar resource for individuals seeking gender neutral bathrooms used to exist called Safe2Pee. However
New York Restaurant Offers 'Winter Games' Menu Targeting Russia's Anti-Gay Law. Take a look at \Putin's Poutine,\ then scroll down to keep reading
'Unfriend,' Gay Filipino Film, Highlights Social Media Dangers. David lives with his grandmother, a kind but distracted woman, immersed in her Catholic faith. Although they can sing karaoke
The Blindness of Privilege in a Time of Oppression. Gay athletes aren't the ones who have to worry about being kidnapped and tortured by anti-gay gangs, with videos of the crimes put online to share with other bigots. Iraschko-Stolz speaks from a unique position of privilege, one denied to actual victims.
Gay Rights Advocates Don't Care About Black Men. \If you are for the legalization of homosexuality, you are for the acceptability of homosexuality, you are for the normalization
Daniela Iraschko-Stolz, Gay Austrian Ski Jumper, Says Russia's 'Propaganda' Law Fuss Is Exaggerated. Iraschko-Stolz was one of 15 women jumpers who unsuccessfully sued the organisers of the 2010 Games in a bid to be allowed
My Son Was Six Years Old When I Introduced Him to Liberace, Elvis and Hendrix. I wanted him to know that the fashion door would open for him; that as boys got older they gained the freedom to wear whatever they wanted. I needed him to know there were men who had defied the notion of sameness and boredom with what they wore. Harry hung on every word.
Scarlett Dennis, 7th Grader, Supports Gay Marriage In Awesome Animated Video. If there's one thing we love here at HuffPost Gay Voices, it's seeing the passion and talent of young activists in the making
Transgender Barneys Models Slam Piers Morgan Over Janet Mock Segment. On Friday, HuffPost Live chatted with several of the models from the campaign about transgender issues, the modeling industry
Black History Month. As we recognize and celebrate Black History Month, it is important to take a moment to remember and honor the contributions
'LGBT Fallen Heroes' Aims To Honor Late LGBT Service Members. \The LGBT Fallen Heroes Fund started because we needed a better way to handle the Memorial Service that we hold and we needed
Gay Guide To Super Bowl XLVIII. This is my 13th installment of how I see the Super Bowl, along with the important and fun angles. A friend of mine says it
French Gay Marriage Protests Draw Thousands Of Demonstrators. The protests come amid heightened tensions over an upsurge in racist incidents that have blighted French public life and
Queer New World. Bushwig and Switch N' Play have also exponentially grown and strengthened the scene. The legendary energy here inspires creativity
French Anti-Gay Marriage Demonstrators Hit Paris, Lyon. Other targets of LMPT's protests include medically assisted procreation techniques for lesbian couples and in vitro fertilisation
Jonathan Groff, 'Looking' Star, On The HBO Series' Gay Representation And Its Critics. Groff on criticisms of the show
Randy Gener, Gay NYC Journalist, Recovering From Brain Surgery After Alleged Hate Crime. Meanwhile, a youcaring.com page has been created to help cover Gener's medical expenses, which can be viewed here. A candelight
Gay Boy Dresses As Mrs. Doubtfire For Halloween In Clip For Marty Maguire's 'American Psychonaut'. Maguire says Psychonaut is \a short prelude to a larger, full-length memoir,\ and calls the clip as an \authentic and positive
Coke Marketing Campaign 'Share A Coke' Slammed For Alleged Anti-Gay Discrimination. Coca Cola has come under fire for its sponsorship of the Winter Olympics, which are taking place in Russia, a country that
Queer New World. In what way would you say that the drag scene in Brooklyn points to the direction that drag is going? Brooklyn is New York
Gay Men Are Losing Our Pizazz, and It's a Problem... or Something?. Recently Esquire published an article synopsizing HBO's Looking for the straight-male community. The author astutely points out that \this show is pretty gay\ and expresses his disappointment that its characters don't live up to his standards regarding how fabulously hilarious we queers should be.
'Where All The Stories Are LOVE Stories,' Documentary Film By D'Arcy Benincosa, Gets Kickstarter. D'Arcy Benincosa spent five days filming some of the first wedding ceremonies in Utah during a before gay marriages were
JJ Brine's 'VECTOR Gallery' In New York City. In order to better understand VECTOR Gallery we chatted with JJ Brine last week to ask him a few questions about what this
Jonathan Johnson, Overstock's Executive Vice Chairman. Noting that the issue of religious liberties is \so tied to the same-sex marriage issue,\ he then added, \I can see why it's
Jimmy LaSalvia, Former GOProud Founder, On Republican Party's 'Cultural Disease,' Aaron Schock. Jimmy LaSalvia said that among the reasons why he fled the party was that the Republican National Committee (RNC) chairman
Here's Why The Idea Of 'Traditional Marriage' Is Total Bullsh*t. Indigenous peoples
What the Queer Rights Movement Should Learn From Martin Luther King Jr.. Love is action. Love is terrifying. And when we speak out, when we open up our mouths and say, \No more. I am not a sin. I am not a mistake...,\ we are engaged in that kind of love.
Hugh Laurie Calls For Russian Vodka Boycott Over Putin's Gay Rights Stance. But his boycott suggestion became one of the most discussed topics on Russian-language Twitter. Laurie's former comedy partner
British Floods Blamed On Gay Marriage Law By UKIP Councillor David Silvester. The Enviornment Agency says it is pumping water around the clock and that dredging may not always be the best response to
A Devastating Look At Homophobia In Sports. We're talking about persecution at the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics like it's something foreign. But here's the thing, you
Putin Claims He's 'Friendly' With Gay People. Despite all this, Putin insists he bears no ill will towards gay people. Under the new Russian law, teaching children about
Pamela Raintree, Transgender Woman, Dares Councilman Rob Webb To Stone Her. Pamela Raintree and her stone are being celebrated by the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community of Shreveport
Support H.R. 1843. A person diagnosed with a chronic, treatable medical condition should not be ruled by a different set of criminal laws.
Queer New World. Drag King K.James described you as a \female-to-female or FtF drag queen.\ As a cisgender woman, what would you say to those
Andrew Haigh And Michael Lannan, 'Looking' Creators, Address Racial Diversity On HBO Show. \Looking\ premieres on HBO on Sunday, January 19, at 10:30pm ET. And as with \Girls,\ which faced major backlash for what
Juan Pablo Galavis, 'Bachelor' Star, Says Gays Should Not Be On Hit ABC Reality Show (AUDIO) (UPDATED). Galavis is certainly not the first celebrity to make offensive comments about the gay community. Galavis, the 18th man to
Jamaica's Gay Tolerance On The Upswing, Growing Push To Repeal Anti-LGBT Law. In the Caribbean, Jamaica is not unique in its homophobia. The former British colonies in the region all have a history of
The March to Equality in Red States. The recent rulings in Utah and Oklahoma do not change the law in the South. However, they do inspire hope as we keep pushing for LGBT equality across a region where anti-LGBT discrimination persists in every area of life -- employment, health care, adoption and marriage.
A Response to the Law That Further Criminalizes the LGBT Community in Nigeria. The LGBT population in Nigeria is not even advocating for same-sex marriage at this point; they are simply asking that their identities be decriminalized. But passing the bill was both a symbolic act and a means to further polarize the Nigerian populace on the issue of LGBT rights.
My Gay Kid Is Lucky.. But He Shouldn't Have to Be. If anyone is looking for the wrong thing to say to the parent of a gay child, that's it, right there.
'33 Teeth,' Evan Roberts Film, Now Available Online. Check out the film above. If you enjoy Roberts' work, check out his more recent film \Yeah Kowalski!\ which is streaming
'My Gay Roommate,' Austin Bening And Noam Ash Web Series, Premieres. In its first season, the series followed Nick during his freshman year of college, along with his straight roommate James
His Military Dad Was Disappointed In Him When He Came Out ... For A Really Good Reason. Meet Jonathan and Dwayne, the happy now-married couple. Read more on www.upworthy.com
Penis Politics. Recent studies have shown that actual penis size is smaller than men are claiming. According to the Journal of Sexual Medicine
12-Year-Old Boy Speaks Up For Marriage Equality In Utah. (Watch the 12-year-old's full speech in the video above.) But on Dec. 20, 2013, after U.S. District Judge Robert Shelby ruled
'Becoming More Visible' Seeks To Highlight Plights Of Homeless Trans Youth. \Becoming More Visible\ is a groundbreaking film that hopes to elevate and generate awareness about the realities plaguing
SCRUFF, Gay App, Launches 'Gay Slang Dictionary'. \u201cWe built the Gay Slang Dictionary to showcase the global nature of SCRUFF and provide a resource for our members as they
'That's So Gay! A Game Of LGBTQ Discovery' Board Game Has Educational Aims. A new trivia game aims to turn the phrase \that's so gay\ from a putdown into a positive and boisterous rallying call, while
Queer New World. Describe the drag scene and community in Brooklyn -- how is it different from drag culture elsewhere? Brooklyn drag is like
Ripparachie, Gay Rapper, Releases New Album \u2018Gifted And Young'. A portion of the sales from \Gifted and Young\ between March and July will be donated to \Pride Lafayette,\ an LGBT non-profit
Why Men Come to Me to Be Transformed Into Women. Grindr is infested with profiles that state
Who's Better-Looking. We set out to answer that question in an online poll that shows a side-by-side comparison of the top five gay and straight porn stars. We got the idea after hearing straight women complain that the guys in heterosexual porn are so ugly that they could knock a buzzard off a gut wagon. Is that true?
Katie Couric Responds To Controversy Over Invasive Question About Transgender Guest. \Even if some thought my question was off base, I wanted to make sure my question and Carmen's answer stayed in the show
'Love Is Love' Project Documenting LGBT Couples And Families. What began as a localized effort through \Love is Love
The Heartbreaking Story of Two Gay Men Who Were Forced to Flee Russia. They changed their apartment, installed metal doors, but the attacks continued. The police, they say, never came on time, and no one was arrested.
Voice To Voice. Anderson
Weeklings!. Dear gay people
Three Problems for Bisexuality. Rabid and unfair, sexism and homophobia rev up fear of the bisexual traitor because we just won't pick a side, declare our allegiance. And in a way this seems truer now than ever.
If Aaron Schock Is Really Gay, We'll Need Proof, Not Rumors. If Aaron Schock is gay, given his hateful record, he should be outed. But not in a half-assed fashion. If Hod has real evidence, he should share it.
Tom Daley Posts Photo With Dustin Lance Black On Instagram. Daley and Black were spotted together in October 2013 getting some drinks at The Coffee Bean in Hollywood, Queerty noted
Gay One-Night Stands. Sex
Is It OK to Out Someone?. I'll sit here and yell aloud in my living room for any number of celebrities that I'm sure are gay to come out. But as a responsible journalist, I won't publish evidence that doesn't fully add up about someone's personal identity no matter how vile they might be.
Forget Invisibility. The power of visibility has unique force in sports where, particularly for gay men, the stereotype is that gays are unathletic. When coupled with the prominence that sports plays in American culture, visible LGBT athletes (and even straight allies) can help change minds.
'Ultimate Gay Fighter' Releases Second Trailer, Villains. In late November, we brought you the trailer of a video game titled \Ultimate Gay Fighter\ that promises to bring hours of
Ascension. When I came out of my stupor, I found myself squeezed into the backseat of a two-door car filled with strangers. \Only a bad dream,\ I told myself and shut my eyes again. It was clear this was no mere nightmare.
Aaron Schock Outed As Gay By Itay Hod, Journalist, On Facebook?. \here's a hypothetical
Queer New World. What does it mean to you to be a drag artist? How do you experience or understand this identity? Simply put, to me it means
The Gay Philadelphia Story, Part 1. Until the 1980s, the nucleus of Philadelphia's queer community was west of Broad Street around the area of 15th and Spruce, where bars like the Mistique -- a bohemian drag and jazz bar -- were major focal points of the city's night life.
Rose Parade's Gay Wedding Couple Sounds Off Ahead Of Ceremony. Loots, who is originally from South Africa, and LeClair, a native of Canada, met at a Los Angeles nightclub and originally
Pascal Tessier, Gay Maryland Teen, Becomes Eagle Scout On Jan. 1. Gay youths will be allowed in the Boy Scouts of America for the first time starting Jan. 1, after the organization's national
Joe Williams, Health Store Owner Allegedly Targeted In Anti-Gay Attack, Charged With Filing False Report. A small business owner who lives openly as a lesbian, Rogers had originally told police she was attacked by three masked
What's Wrong With What Phil Robertson Said?. The beauty of subtext becoming text is that you can actually talk about it, so I want to take this opportunity to respond explicitly to what Phil Robertson -- and many of those who stand with him -- assume about gay men.
Robin Roberts Comes Out, Thanks 'Long Time Girlfriend'. \Good Morning America\ anchor Robin Roberts came out Sunday in a touching post thanking her \long time girlfriend.\ The 53
Gay Viral Videos Of 2013. The international relevance of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) issues was confirmed numerous ways in 2013. These
When A Heterosexual Spouse Comes Out As Gay. 6. You'll make our kids gay. Take a deep breath and realize this is an uneducated person speaking. In fact, if you haven't
Dave Rubin. \Rubin Report\ host and comedian Dave Rubin recalled his own coming out experience, which he described as his \defining moment
Queer New World. Missed the previously featured drag performers and installments in this series? Check out the slideshow below. Both of you
Re. Too many people are dismissing the action of A&E at reinstating Phil Robertson so soon after suspending him from Duck Dynasty. It's just a TV show, they say, and we have all of these wins on marriage equality -- and look at Utah!
What It's Like to be Gay In the State of Duck Dynasty (Hint. Phil is not just some redneck who got rich and made it on television. He's the rule here in Louisiana, not the exception.
Same-sex Couples Shatter Marriage Records In Utah. Salt Lake County shattered a previously held record of 85 marriages in a given day, by handing out 353 on Monday (Dec. 23
Tom Daley Dons 'Gay Icon' Apron, Shares Rainbow Christmas Gifts On Instagram. It also looks like Daley's alleged boyfriend Dustin Lance Black received a very similar pair of footwear... Now, Daley's
Here's Everything We Learned From the Duck Dynasty Controversy Summed Up in Just One Sentence. You can say whatever you want, including gay people are \sinful\ and full of \murder, envy, strife, hatred\ and are in the same league as those who enjoy being penetrated by barnyard animals and...
My Son's First Drag Idol Was a Cross-dressing Rabbit. My heart swelled as I patted Harry's head. He was happy, and so was I. Because while too many people questioned my young son's preferences, and therefore my skills as a mother, we both stood strong with a cartoon rabbit who carried an anvil in his pink purse.
Cactus Canyon, Dance Club, Asks Justin Meyer And James Douglas, Gay Couple, To Leave. This entry has expired
'Trans Bodies, Trans Selves,' Transgender Resource Guide, Available In 2014. Trans Bodies, Trans Selves is a new and comprehensive resource guide specifically curated for the transgender community. Covering
LesBiSwirl. After the firestorm last week on the internets about Beyonc\u00e9\u2018s new visual album and its politics, my colleague and dear friend
The 53 Most Powerful Coming Outs Of 2013. \I would like to consider myself a 'whatever,' Maria Bello said this month in a column in the New York Times, revealing that
Brooklyn's Bushwig Festival. (The story continues after the slideshow of images from Bushwig 2013 below) \Bushwig is a gift for me,\ co-founder Babes
The Top 10 Freedom to Marry Moments in 2013. From groundbreaking rulings at the Supreme Court to state victories in nearly every part of the country to historic levels of public support, same-sex couples and their families can share in the freedom to marry more than ever before.
'G.B.F.' Director Darren Stein Angered By Teen Film's 'R' Rating. \The tone is very sweet and good-natured; there's no nudity and no violence,\ he said. \There's not even the F-word.\ \What
Homeless for the Holidays. I have been talking with homeless kids from all over the country, asking them to help us understand what it means to be left on the streets, asking them to give witness to what they endure. I ask you to look into their traumatized eyes and listen with me to their heartbreaking testimonies.
Producer Christin Mell Brings Gay TV Series Nikki & Nora Online (AUDIO). This week I talked with Christin Mell, film producer and CEO of tello Films, which focuses on stories for the lesbian community. Christin is proud to be one of the executive producers and the distributor of Nikki & Nora, the first unaired network pilot to be reimagined as a digital Web series.
How the L.A. Gay & Lesbian Center Saved My Life. I was homeless and HIV-positive. I got on a bus and headed to Los Angeles, where I met another man. I soon got introduced to crystal meth. My boyfriend became emotionally and physically abusive, and it felt as if it was all coming to a head.
Weeklings!. Christmas is here, and that means it's time for wonderful things like Grinch worship and festive Mariah jams. However, it also means something scary
If We Can't Own the Right Labels, We Can't Expect the Wider Society to Get It Right. I'm a construct, a creation of a surgeon forcing me away from my birth and designing me so you can feel more comfortable. Your normality and complicity in a bi-sexed system led me to a life of pain and discomfort. I am a curiosity in a world of \normals.\
Dear Trans Persons Everywhere, I'm Sorry for Being a Bad Gay. I wasn't always an ally to the trans community. In fact, it was only a little over a year ago that I had pretty awful opinions about the trans community and the struggles they face. (\Why can't they just accept that if they have a penis, then they're a dude?\) But then something happened.
What the Anti-Homosexuality Bill Could Mean for Ugandans. \Today will go down in history as the worst day for LGBTQI identifying persons and human rights in general. The passing of the bill has caused significant panic even before its assented.\
India Matters. New Delhi
'Sez Me' Web Series Breaks Down Stigma Of Children Being Exposed To The LGBT Community. Check out the third episode of \Sez Me\ featuring Eve Salvail above and head here to watch the previous two episodes on the
Farmer Gives Bull AIDS. When Antonio's eyes closed for good last fall, mine opened wide and saw the light. There is so much work yet to be done, not only here on the farm but in the streets of your town. The hearts and minds of all those at risk must be won over, or they too will become someone else's grief.
Bulletproof Boy Wonder. Director Michael Rohrbaugh has launched a new Indiegogo campaign to finance his next PSA, which will call attention to the draconian laws and punishments for LGBT folks in Russia in advance of the Olympics in Sochi.
Will Mormon Church Keep Funding NOM?. I wonder if the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (Mormon Church) will keep funneling millions and millions of dollars to Brain Brown and his National Organization for Marriage after their huge loss in Utah yesterday?
Geraldo Rivera Defends Alec Baldwin, Claims 'C*cksucking Faggot' Isn't Always Gay Slur (VIDEO). Um.. excuse us? If you are a straight person and say \cocksucking fag\ in a flash of anger, as Alec Baldwin allegedly did
Cub Camp 2014 Calendar Released By Scooter McCreight (NSFW). The Cub Camp calendar, a project spearheaded by Scooter McCreight and shot by photographer Bradley Roberge, is currently
A Note On Seasonal Love. My work has always been about transformation -- how do we wring meaning out of the inevitability of suffering and embrace our true path which is what and where I am currently standing. This is it!  Nothing is wasted
Queer New World. I'll also be doing a New Years Eve Dance & Drag Party at Secret Project Robot! with my sisters Macy Rodman and SCHWARZ. Any
35 Portraits of RuPaul. \I am an artist using drag queens as muses,\ said Longley-Cook, a tall, bearded 28-year-old with a disarming manner. \Ru is more than a muse. She's a role model and a mother in many ways for the drag community. She is deserving of a portrait of this scale.\
Lesbians Who Eat Their Young. In June I sent out a story to be considered for Best Lesbian Erotica 2014, but I could not have imagined the tangled internal politics that would ensue. That fight is emblematic of a broader schism in the queer community, one that calls up all the old questions of assimilation vs. liberation.
Author Michael Petry Talks About His New Book Nature Morte and LGBT Issues (AUDIO). This week I talked with Michael Petry, author, artist and director of the Museum of Contemporary Art in London, about his new book Nature Morte
'Butch,' Photo Book By Kanithea Powell, Showcases Lesbian Identity. As the queer community continues to push boundaries outside of narrow definitions of what it means to be lesbian, gay, bisexual
When Love Prevails. GLAAD is among a number of LGBT organizations that stand with the immigrant rights community as part of a broad coalition that is fighting to ensure comprehensive reform and a path to citizenship.
HRC's Corporate Equality Index Shows Southern Companies Evolving On Gay Rights. The company's policies largely reflected the times. Sodomy was still a crime, and it was legal in many parts of the country
Why I'm So Excited to Be a Gay Matchmaker on TV. It's been almost five years since I first appeared as a dater on Bravo's The Millionaire Matchmaker, squeamishly sitting through a date while an egotistical millionaire berated me for choosing the steak as my dinner choice. But after that episode aired, something very special happened to me.
The State of the Nation. Queerness is a gift that not all LGBT people have. It's certainly not inherent in that amorphous thing sometimes called the LGBT movement. We are a political, social and sexual minority, and maybe even a cultural one, but we're held together more loosely than most  other minorities.
The Gift of Vision. Every year at the pride parade comes the inevitable question
Q&A with Rosanna Flamer-Caldera. LGBT people have faced extreme discrimination in Sri Lanka. For more than a century, the country has outlawed same-sex relationships under its colonial-era \gross indecency\ laws.
Myths About Gender Confirmation Surgery. 7. \Treat the depression, not the gender dysphoria.\ This is similar to the idea that the best way to treat chronic back pain is with vicodin, rather than a surgery that would address the underlying problem.
Types of Queens. 10. The Show Off - a queen who knows they can dance and pulls out all the stops every time they perform. Their dance routines normally always include at least one split, one flip, a death drop and  pulling their wig off. They do not understand some times less is more.
Gay Holidays. 5. Embrace The Holiday Remember the reason for the season. The holiday season, no matter what you celebrate, champions peace
Queer New World. How would you characterize the kind of drag that you do? Punk rock mexican pretty girl. How does Brooklyn as a community
Lesbians Explain 'How Two Girls Have Sex' In New Video From Arielle Scarcella. YouTube personality and vlog community favorite Arielle Scarcella has released a hilarious new video that seeks to finally
Nelson Mandela's Impact On Gay Rights Discussed By South African Journalist Mark Gevisser. Gevisser noted, too, that Mandela spent over two decades in prison, where there were strong taboos on homosexuality, which
My Letter to the Bishop Who Judged the Methodist Minister Who Officiated His Gay Son's Wedding -- and Her Amazing Response. Just in case a voice of reason might prevail where a petition of thousands did not, I sent this open letter to Bishop Johnson and any others in the Methodist hierarchy who are judging Rev. Schaefer.  Here is my letter to her, and her kind and pretty amazing response back.
I Saved a Bunch of Money on My Car Insurance by Switching My Gender. You've probably heard that women get charged less for car insurance. I love this little passage from the Esurance webpage
IHI Therapy Center Wants You to Love Yourself. The freedom to perform our lives with fearlessness, versatility, and truth is my idea of optimal mental health. When we make
Warwick Rowers Release 'Bigger, Longer, And Uncut' Video Of 2014 Calendar Shoot (NSFW). NOTE
Why We Need to Talk About Tom Daley. The media response to British Olympic diver and teen pin-up Tom Daley announcing this week that he is in a relationship with a man only confirms why we need more coming-out narratives.
Bro Porn. What do the Warwick University men's rowing team and Macklemore have in common?  They are all young, straight, attractive, white men taking a public stance against homophobia and receiving a lot of credit for it.
Same-Sex Couples Are Ready to Get Married, but Maybe Not Divorced. I'd like to think that gay and lesbian marriages are different, held together just a little more tightly by an extra dose of fairy dust and pink unicorn karma, but, alas, I don't think that's true.
The Loss of My Boyfriend. I've been thinking about Kade a lot lately, about what his story means and how, at only 16, he'd died as a result of other people's ignorance and violence. What might have happened to us if he had made it? What might he have made of his life? I don't know.
Jonathan Allen Talks LGBT Issues and Life After America's Got Talent (AUDIO). This week I talked with 21-year-old singer Jonathan Allen, who touched our hearts singing his way into the semifinals on America's Got Talent. His audition performance has been called the most emotional audition ever in the show's history.
Gay Parents On TV. It showed a gay couple tying the knot in June 2013, just a month after France legalised same-sex marriage. The cult sitcom
North Carolina's Myrtle Grove Christian School To Refuse State Money Over Anti-Gay Policy. Students in public schools from low-income families are eligible to receive the tuition vouchers, which give students up
Holy Ghost Preparatory Teacher Allegedly Fired For Getting Gay Marriage License. A teacher at a private Catholic high school in Pennsylvania says he was fired for getting his gay marriage license on Friday
Gay Men. \u2022 You're stupid \u2022 You're not talented \u2022 You're unable to play the game \u2022 You're living a pipe dream \u2022 You're going to lose
Mother Reveals The 'Epiphany' Moment She Knew Her Son Was Transgender. A member of the Gender & Family Project's Parent Group joined HuffPost Live this week to discuss the challenges of raising
Lady Gaga Calls For 2014 Sochi Winter Olympic Boycott. (h/t Towleroad) Pop superstar Lady Gaga stated in an interview this week that she thinks athletes should boycott the 2014
Elton John. According to Interfax and several messages on social networks, John dedicated his concert to Vladislav Tornovoi, a 23-year
Croatia Votes On Anti-Gay Marriage Referendum. Sunday's vote is the first citizens-initiated referendum since Croatia's independence from the former Yugoslavia in 1991
'Kinky Boots' Performers Have Amazing Response To Macy's Day Parade Outrage. Homophobia reared its ugly head in response to the supposedly cheerful Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade on Thursday, as some
In Race For First Gay Wedding In Hawaii, This Couple Is Ready For Midnight. They will be in a race with at least six other couples who will be at the Sheraton Hotel in Waikiki. But after being a part
On This World AIDS Day, I Celebrate Black Gay Men. My greatest fear is that other young gay men of color will allow themselves to forget that their lives matter. Out of this conviction grows a powerful force -- a combination of logic and emotion -- that has convinced me that not only am I my brother's keeper, but that I am my brother.
Element Magazine Releases Sexy Photo Campaign For World AIDS Day. As we recognize, celebrate and remember during this year's World AIDS Day, Dec. 1, Element Magazine is attempting to enhance
What We Did. At the insistence of terminally ill friends, we begged, borrowed, or stole opiates and sedatives, hoarding them until we had accumulated enough for a lethal dose. Sometimes it worked. When it didn't, we picked up the pillow on the bed. We allowed ourselves to become on-call murderers.
Queer New World. Missed the previously featured drag performers and installments in this series? Check out the slideshow below. This is the
The 2013 POZ 100. For this year\u2019s POZ 100, POZ magazine asked individuals and organizations to nominate an HIV-positive person in their community
Croatian Gay Rights Activists Protest Ahead Of Marriage Equality Referendum. In May, the Church-backed In the Name of the Family group collected over 700,000 signatures seeking a nationwide vote on
Russian 'Gay Propaganda' Law Investigation By Olympic Committee Sought By Activists. \The environment is becoming increasingly hostile, with private meetings broken into, gay clubs attacked and various homophobic
Duncan McAlpine Sennett, Oregon Teen, Delivers Bar Mitzvah Speech In Support Of Gay Marriage. Sennett's remarks echo those of Zach Wahls, the young Iowa man who became a YouTube sensation after his pro-gay marriage
Gwist Recap. Gwist is a YouTube channel that brings together videos of interest to the lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer (LGBTQ
Laverne Cox, Transgender Actress, Discusses Bullying In Vibe Vixen Interview. 2013 has been quite a year for breakout \Orange Is The New Black\ star Laverne Cox. However, despite her position as one
Arielle Scarcella, Vlogger, Releases 'Lesbians Explain. Check out the video above -- what do you think about Scarcella's latest installment in this witty series? Note
Pro-LGBT Companies That Have Supported The LGBT Community. Who companies and their CEOs are (or aren't) looking out for (ahem... Chick-fil-A....) is something we want certainly want
'Kinky Boots' Performance At Macy's Day Parade Provokes Outrage. Let parents decide when to discuss certain topics with their kids instead of springing it on them in Macy's Parade. #kinkyboots
John and Peter's Story From The 'Let Love Define Family' Series For National Adoption Month. Jason Cook is the Parent Advocate of RaiseAChild.US, a nonprofit organization that believes all children deserve a safe, loving
NOH8 Founders Jeff Parshley and Adam Bouska Talk Fifth Anniversary Event and More (AUDIO). On Dec. 15 the NOH8 Campaign will celebrate its fifth anniversary. This week I talked with Jeff Parshley and his partner, celebrity photographer Adam Bouska, creators of the NOH8 Campaign, about how their grassroots organization has expanded to advance global LGBT equality.
Fired, Burnished and Glazed. Before I set out to interview poet and editor David Groff about his collection of poems, Clay, l spoke with Charles Flowers, publisher of the queer literary journal BLOOM, and asked him about a good entry point for this interview. \Grief,\ he said.
Church Of England Proposes Gay Marriage 'Blessings'. \You can make a church a cold place for gay and lesbian people ... or you can make it a more warm and accepting place,\ Pilling
Thank God I'm Gay. Dear God, I don't know why or how you made me gay, but however you did it, or whatever the reason, thank you. I know it's not a gift that you bestow on everyone, and I feel fortunate and grateful that I'm one of the lucky few.
Queer 2013 Thanksgiving Secrets. 11. Native Americans And The Two-Spirit Tradition Thanksgiving in present day America is a mix of Native American autumnal
Ashley Jones, Transgender Woman, Documents Transition In YouTube Video. \I used to drown my sorrows in alcohol and drugs and tried to do 'manly' things many, many times because I always thought
TIME For Thanks. I\u2019m usually hesitant to celebrate Thanksgiving Day. After all, the Puritans of the Massachusetts Bay Colony systematically
Frank Schaefer, United Methodist Pastor, Discusses Conviction For Officiating Son's Gay Marriage. \u201cWe said to him, 'You are made in the image of God just like everyone else,'\u201d Schaefer said, thinking back to when his son
The Kennedy Assassination in the Mind of a Gay Boy. The wall-to-wall media coverage of the past few days has jarred my memory in interesting ways. I have no recollection of President Kennedy's assassination itself. I was only two and half years old. But the event is seared into my brain.
Tarence Mitchell, Teen Football Captain, Accused Of Fatally Stabbing 27-Year-Old Male Lover. Though Mitchell initially told police that the two were attacked by a pair of hooded men, he later relented and confessed
Sochi, Sexuality and Sports. As the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi draw nearer, debate is heating up about Russia's anti-LGBT policies. Former Olympic Women's Ice Hockey player Caitlin Cahow was kind enough to speak with me, sharing her take on boycotting Sochi, the tension that LGBT athletes face today, and why she loves sports.
The Big, Fat Polyamorous Asexual Post. If you Google any combination of the words \u201casexuality\u201d and \u201cpolyamory,\u201d most of the results that come up treat the two as
Kayhar, Transgender Woman, Performs Duet With Pre-Transition Self. In late September, The Huffington Post brought you an incredible video that chronicled the journey and transition of a transgender
Gwist Recap. Dykeotomy
Queer New World. Breadcrumbs Why do you go by Untitled Queen? Untitled Queen is not only an art reference, (a ubiquitous non-title title for
Being Andy Warhol (VIDEO). It's been an Andy Warhol-centric time for me
AWOL (An Exerpt From Hello Mr. Issue 2). Using gaysurfers.net as rolodex, David Wakefield, Thomas Castets and a crew set out to film the stories of gay surfers for Out in the Lineup. The project isn't about \identity\ or even \inclusion.\ It's about unearthing a community that's slow to connect because of their withdrawnness.
Sticky Situations. There is a certain uncomfortable undertone to all of this, and I need to ask it
Falling in Love, Again. It's hard to accept when a relationship has ended, and it's even harder to let someone go. In the fall of 2010, I had broken up with my boyfriend of seven years, and after months of solitude and grief, I was convinced that I was incapable of falling in love again.
10 Reasons to Love the Man Behind the Queen. A few weeks ago I received a Facebook message from a drag queen in Portland asking me if I ever thought of writing a piece along the lines of \Reasons It's OK to Date a Drag Queen.\ Well, let me list some reasons.
Elyse Cherry, CEO of Boston Community Capital, on LGBT Issues and More (AUDIO). This week I talked with Elyse Cherry, CEO of Boston Community Capital. She is an important voice in the LGBT community, having served as the chair of MassEquality during the organization's successful campaign for marriage equality in Massachusetts.
Be a Better Ally. Listen. That's probably the most important thing you can do for any person who is sharing their story with you. Simply being present and giving them your undivided attention is huge.
We're Here, We're... Look, We're Just Here, All Right?. Hey, Christian, heterosexual, cisgender, white men who are freaking out because there's a bunch more people who aren't like you in media! Your fear is that you will wake up one day and flip on the TV and not see anyone you can relate to? Well, that's what life is like for the rest of us right now.
My Letter to the Trustees of the La Feria Schools on the Handling of Jeydon Loredo's Yearbook Photo. Jeydon is, from the point of view of his family and his health provider, a young man. But the school has presented Jeydon with a Hobson's choice
Hawaii Gov. Neil Abercrombie On Gay Marriage, ENDA And Lesbian State Rep Who Voted Against Marriage Equality. Abercrombie, who spearheaded the marriage equality bill, calling a special session for the vote, said he was proud of Hawaii\u2019s
Coming Out As A Gay Teenager. How did you come out to your parents? That's the question posed in this clever new video featuring Kristin and Dannielle
Lady Gaga Discusses Bisexuality, Gay Icon Status In 'Attitude'. But\u2026 but\u2026 but\u2026 but here, where do I say I\u2019m a gay icon? I never said I was a gay icon. When did that happen? Are those lyrics
Hieu Tran's 'Squared' Trailer Explores Top And Bottom Dynamics In Gay Relationships. Say what you will about \Squared,\ the film does bring up some interesting questions about gay men and sex including can
Something To Celebrate. With so much hate continually aimed at the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community, we like to take a moment every
The Wonderful, Sexual World of Bob Mizer (NSFW). I first became aware of the work of photographer, filmmaker and independent publisher Bob Mizer (1922-1992) by chance one momentous spring afternoon in the late '60s. Those books revealed an exciting world to explore, but at 12 I didn't have a clue about how to step into it.
Gay Relationship Mistakes All Couples Should Avoid. Avoiding money talks. Just because we're gay, it doesn't mean we're immune from having \money talks\. If you can't talk about
Historic Workers' Protection Bill Passes in Senate, Will Protect Many in Asian American & Pacific Islander Community. Cendana is the first openly gay and youngest-ever Executive Director of the Asian Pacific American Labor Alliance (APALA
Weeklings!. From Virginia to Hawaii, Oregon to Michigan, we're snarling at them all. Come on, states. Let's finish this up.
Noah Levy Kissed By Jason Dundas On VH1's 'The Gossip Table' (VIDEO). Check out the kiss between the two above and watch \The Gossip Table\ weekdays at 9:30 a.m. You can follow on Twitter @vh1celebrity
Pennsylvania Gay Couples Travel To New Jersey To Marry. It only takes a few minutes to walk from Easton into New Jersey. But for three same-sex couples from Pennsylvania, crossing
Queer New World. Drag culture is becoming increasingly more mainstream, particularly with the popularity of \RuPaul's Drag Race.\ How would
Poet Julie R. Enszer Talks Sisterhood, Her New Collection of Poems. \First, what does it mean to live in a family that is broken and a world of brokenness and take responsibility, however partial, for that brokenness? Second, how can I believe in sisterhood in an imperfect, broken world?\
Why I Prefer to Have Thanksgiving in a Restaurant. One year, I said, \Enough! Enough, I said. I have Thanksgiving traditions in my heart that I want to experience with my partner, who is my family.\ So we decided that we would go out for dinner after spending the noontime meal with someone else's family.
Putting HIV in Its Place (Part 1). I call disclosure of my HIV status \coming out with none of the benefits.\ However, I found that putting HIV in its proper place in my life enabled me to move forward and was incredibly empowering. But I am not saying it was, or is, easy.
The 5 Best Grindr (Etc.) Locations in New York City. Hordes of gay and bi-curious men scan the city with mobile apps in the ever-appealing quest for a date, a hookup, or a husband. That's hardly news, but what are the most fruitful and time-efficient neighborhoods?
How Far Is Too Far When Seeking Time With Kids Post-Divorce?. When does your craving for time with your child cross the line? And does it matter? Here are a handful of my own experiences -- my attempts to be the equal mother that I once was in my child's life. Over the line? Interference or equal opportunity? You decide.
Thomas Knights Releases 'The Werk Out,' Featuring Charlie Hides. From the mind of Thomas Knights, the photographer and music producer who brought you \RED HOT,\ comes \Werk Out,\ the fifth
Gwist Recap. Breaking Up vs. \Taking a Break\ Can a relationship be put back together after a breakup? What if you just \take a break
Stockholm To Host Annual 'Pink Christmas' LGBT Campaign. The Pink Christmas campaign is also sponsoring a contest in conjunction with the event -- click here for more information
'Switcheroo,' Photo Series By Hana Pesut, Explores Gender Role Reversal. Check out a slideshow of images from \Switcheroo\ below. For more information on the project, visit Pesut's Twitter, Instagram
Tim Seelig And Dan England, Gay Couple, Allegedly Denied Vacation Rental Because Of Sexuality. \Our initial reaction was definitely, 'Oh no, you did not just say that!'\ stated Seelig. \The two of us had different reactions
Sia's Dilemma. I wrote to Sia on Twitter and expressed my disappointment. I wasn't expecting a reply, but, to my surprise, she responded and thoughtfully listened, and we proceeded to have a lengthy (by Twitter standards) conversation.
Classifying Blue Is the Warmest Color. Under no circumstances will I call Blue Is the Warmest Color a \lesbian\ film. Does that matter? I think so, particularly since the film has generated stories of on-set sadism that smack of over a century of movies made by men well-schooled in the cruel manipulation of women.
Nepal's Gay Beauty Pageant Contestants Vie for 'Mr. Handsome' Title. Biswo Raj Adhikari, a 24-year-old sociology student from Makwanpur district near the capital was crowned \Mr. Handsome\ and
Life on the Funny Side. Eddie Sarfaty is a comic, author, teacher and TV producer in the making. Here he talks about his journey to becoming a comic, who makes him laugh and how he handles remarks about his hot good looks.
Matt Nathanson's 'Kinks Shirt' Music Video Features Transgender Love Story. The clip features a love story involving a transgender individual and -- refreshingly -- approaches the relationship in an
Queer New World. How would you characterize the kind of drag that you do? Generally, I stay fairly close to a classic yet twisted female impersonation
The Doldrums of November. LGBT History Month is over (in the U.S., at least; much of Europe celebrates it in February), but why must we wait another 11 months for our history to be shared again? What about Nov. 1's \on this day in LGBT history\ events? Aren't they just as important as Oct. 31's? Of course they are.
Bisexual Georgia Teen Kicked Out By Parents Gets Amazing Response From Strangers [UPDATED]. In just a few days, nearly 400 people have donated more than $12,000. On Oct. 24, Nick uploaded a video to tell supporters
'Homo History,' Photo Collection Compiled By Jeffrey Gent, Showcases Vintage Shots Of Gay Couples. The Huffington Post caught up with Gent last week to discuss the way in which he came across this extensive collection of
Gay Landmark Locations. This article originally appeared on YourTango.com
Even After a Year and a Half, 'Eat Mor Ignorance' Is More Like It. The other day a coworker asked me for my lunch order. At that point my stomach was already beating me to death, and I was ready to trade my firstborn child for a ham sandwich. I asked him where we were ordering from, and he said, \Chick-fil-A. Mmmmm!\ I was torn.
Lesbian Halloween Costumes. Tricks Are For Kids
LGBT History Month. 1973
Tens Of Thousands March For Same-Sex Marriage In Taiwan. TAIPEI, Oct 25 (Reuters) - Tens of thousands of demonstrators, many displaying rainbows and glitter, thronged the centre
12 Of The Best Halloween Costumes For Gay Male Couples. 11 Halloween Quotes From Our Favorite Spooky Love Stories 13 Unique Halloween Costumes For Lesbian Couples Tricks Are For
My Bisexual Awakening. Ever since college, when I slowly came to grips with my bisexual identity, I have had a fear in the back of my mind. In every relationship, a little voice has always been there, questioning, \If you commit to one gender, won't you miss the other genders?\
Voice To Voice. Each month Athlete Ally and Huffington Post will feature a new Voice to Voice segment featuring LGBT and ally people of color
LGBT History Month. 1992
15 Years in a Binder. Last month, my husband and I celebrated our 15th anniversary. In a few days, we need to prove those 15 years real to an immigration adjudicator, now that my spouse is able to sponsor me for a green card.
Gwist Recap. Is Mulan A Lesbian? -- Dykeotomy The internet exploded recently with strong feelings about ABC's \Once Upon A Time,\ where
Montenegro's First Gay Pride Parade Takes Place Under Heavy Security. Another one read \Kiss the gays\ -- a pun on the similar sounding \Kill the gays\ chant, popular among some soccer fans and
PJ Raval, Documentary Filmmaker, Talks About 'Before You Know It'. Let's talk ageism in the LGBT community -- how has it affected the participants in the film and how to they experience or
Why This Gay Mom Says 'No' to Marriage Equality on the Ballot. I don't want to have to read a ballot question about same-sex marriage to my daughters. They don't know that some people, like our governor, think our family is less worthy. And I don't want them to know that a minute before they absolutely have to.
Transforming Skin. For the transgender individual whose misrepresentative outer appearance is at the root of their personal conflict, it may be clear how the skin is a critical component of establishing self-harmony. However, the role of the dermatologist in their care is yet to be determined.
Where Are the Gay Federal Appellate Judges?. The conspicuous absence of any openly LGBT nominees to the other federal appellate courts is a concern. It cannot be the case that no qualified LGBT candidates exist. Instead, the dearth appears to rest on the assumption that LGBT judges would not be appropriate because of some apparent bias.
The Making of 'How to Make the ACA T'Werk for You'. We have spent countless days wrestling with the same question that many other professionals in the health care field have wrestled with
Hispanic Heritage and Bisexuality. I am a Hispanic bisexual woman. But as a girl growing up in an upper-middle-class family in 1950s and '60s Mexico City, I was told that my mission in life was to get married and become a good housewife and mother.
Being Bi. What may surprise most of the people whom I come out to is that the most difficult criticism I face for identifying as bisexual comes from the LGBT community itself.
The 7th Annual International Day of Action for Trans Depathologization. The global trans movement has grown exponentially in the years since the campaign started, and the effort to move away from a pathology framework and toward one based on the affirmation of identity has been central to forging the path to liberation.
Marriage Equality at Hand in New Jersey. Today the New Jersey Supreme Court refused to stay the issuance of marriage licenses to same-sex couples while it weighs whether the state can continue to offer civil unions rather than full marriage equality. The court's decision means that marriages can start this coming Monday.
'Bill and Ted's Excellent Halloween Adventure' At Universal Studios Hollywood Is Homophobic. According to Vice, Superman's voice and posture changes. His lips purse, his toes point inward, and his wrists become limp
The Best LGBT Stories Of The Week From Cowbird. Cowbird is a library of human experience. We are a community of tens of thousands of storytellers, located all over the world
30 Bisexual Celebrities. As we continue to recognize and celebrate the history of the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) movement throughout
Remember How Shocking It Was When Ellen Came Out On TV? Look How Far We've Come Since Then.. The theme of this year's National Coming Out Day is Coming Out Still Matters. Read more on www.upworthy.com
Russia's Gay Community Opposes Sochi Olympics Boycott Calls. He told of a harrowing campaign of verbal and physical attacks that had forced him to delete his social networking page, change
Allison Moon Talks Girl Sex 101, New Book For Queer Woman. You describe Girl Sex 101 as a \u201croad trip in a book unlike any other.\u201d What do you mean by that? I\u2019m kind of jokingly calling
Matthew Shepard's Murder. I'm stunned that people could take seriously any sort of linkage or theory of causal effect that \explains\ or \puts into
How Biology Matters When Same-Sex Couples With Kids Split Up. What sometimes gets understandably lost in the marriage equality celebration is that not all these relationships last forever, and breakups can leave parents and children, particularly those who do not share a biological connection, in vulnerable situations.
Bill Roundy Showcases Mini-Comic 'Orientation Police'. Bill Roundy is a Brooklyn-based cartoonist. His bar review comic strip \Bar Scrawl\ appears every week in The Brooklyn Paper
Hatred in God's Name. I know that boys like the young man who closed his eyes for the last time on that desolate fence and the boy whom my mother worried for years ago will be fine because of mothers like Judy Shepard and mine. Here are my mom's thoughts on her own gay son.
Hello, LGBT Youth! Now Take a Stance and Pay It Forward!. To the LGBT youth who have come out early, benefiting from the social gains that your older counterparts fought for
Relationship Boundaries. The healthiest relationships comprise individuals who do not need the other but want the other.  There is a difference between needing and wanting. One connotes desperation, the other desire. And what differentiates the two? Boundaries.
Film/TV Producer JD DiSalvatore Talks L.A. Lesbian and Gay Wedding Expo and More (AUDIO). We decided that considering how much work we put into obtaining our marriage rights here in California, we thought it would
From The Slant. Twenty years ago, when Susie Bright published the first-ever anthology of women's erotic fiction, Herotica, the publishing
'Does This Word Condemn Me?'. Robert's question was indeed quick
The Human Agenda. It's really simple
Defending Matt. As the media stripped my friend Matt Shepard of his humanity, I made a promise to myself that when I was emotionally and artistically ready, I would share with the world who Matt really was, in the only way that I knew how
Hate the Sin, Blame the Victim. It seems that all their \responsibility\ and damnation goes in one direction. It simultaneously justifies their own hatred and actions, while assuring everyone that the victim got what they deserved.
St. Petersburg Gay Rights Protest Ends In Clashes, Arrests. Russia's President Vladimir Putin has denied the new law is aimed at cracking down on homosexuals' rights. The disturbance
15 Years Without Matt, and the Road Forward. Fifteen years ago we were in Fort Collins, Colo., at the hospital with Matt, praying for a peaceful end to his suffering. At that point we were aware that he would never wake up from the coma he was in as a result of the beating that he'd received at the hands of then-unknown assailants.
An Open Letter to President Putin From a Gay U.S. Athlete. Did I lose you with the \gay\ bit? Let me explain. Love it or hate it, since time immemorial, there is likely one guy or gal out of every 10 who is gay. Lots of former Olympians compete in Gay Games. And -- finally getting to the point -- lots of gays compete in the Olympics.
Southern Decadence 2013. I would recommend Southern Decadence for several reasons, but visitors' ability to either relax and take it slow or party as hard as they want for as long as they want (hello, 24-hour bars!) makes this weekend an ideal destination.
Actually, Breast Cancer Does Discriminate. \Cancer doesn't discriminate.\ But the health care system that delivers our treatment often does. And the stigma and stress of living as sexual and gender minorities often lead to behaviors that increase our cancer risks. We need support, and we need to connect with other LGBT survivors.
David Drake's Tawny Heatherton. Last year I went to see David Drake's Tawny Heatherton creation at the Laurie Beechman Theatre. I went in expecting a smart little drag show, but I walked away breathless and in awe of one of the most talented writer/performers of our time. I caught up with Drake as he prepped for Tawny's latest opening.
Gays, Put Your Gay Money Where Your Gay Mouths Are. David Bromstad, it is not we gays who need to \make strides in the right direction\ toward anti-gay organizations. If we actually spend our money only on the organizations that support the LGBT community, then the bad ones will make strides in the right directions toward us.
Dykeotomy Tackles Bisexuality. This week on Gwist, the gay YouTube channel, the girls of Dykeotomy tackle the tough topic of bisexuality and why bisexuals
LGBT History Month. 1968
Sissy Goodwin Defies Normative Standards in Conservative Wyoming. Read more on Los Angeles Times In a hardware store, a man shakes his head in disgust. Another asks, \Is it a prank? A joke
'You Can Tell Just By Looking,' New Book, Busts Myths About The LGBT Community. The new book You Can Tell Just By Looking by Michael Bronski, Ann Pellegrini, and Michael Amico, busts myths commonly held
Khadijah James, Wisconsin Teen, Jailed For Alleged Anti-Gay Hate Crime Against Local Couple. According to The Journal Times, James -- who apparently has a prior criminal record -- was slapped with two hate crime-related
LGBT History Month. 1513
Ryan Steele, 'Five Dances' And 'Matilda' Star, Joins #ShareTheMattress Video Series. Steele, who stars in the new movie \Five Dances\ and has been seen on Broadway in the smash musicals \Matilda\ and \Newsies
Gay And Lesbian Foodies. 5 Aphrodisiac Cocktails That Will Get You In The Mood To...Read?! This article originally appeared on YourTango.com
How I Got Here. Years of counseling, desperate attempts to pray my gay away, countless hours reading resources and seeking solidarity through the infamous Exodus International and a biblical theology degree later, I found myself crumbling under the weight of an existential crisis.
Ryan Burke, Photographer And Makeup Artist, Showcases Self-Portraits. Where do you find inspiration for your characters? Being a photographer, I have a very voyeuristic approach to my aesthetic
PrEP Should Be a Fast Idea, Not a Slow One. We write this post out of fear that without a significant shift in thinking about HIV prevention, PrEP, which refers primarily to taking the HIV treatment Truvada every day to prevent infection, will be a \slow idea,\ resulting in thousands of people unnecessarily becoming infected with HIV.
The World Is Watching. I realized that the PFLAG China parents were looking to us in the U.S. for signs that the world is changing. I understood that our progress is their hope for their children and their families. China is watching us closely and believing that our evolution can be their future.
Surviving a Death Sentence. We went in for our test results together. It was May 1985. Still, after three years of reluctant monogamy enforced by the dread of a sex-borne plague stalking San Francisco, I feared for my lover of seven years. Christopher was younger and had been far wilder.
Desperately Seeking Music Equality. Queer recording artists who have been singing out loud before any major media outlet would have celebrated it, and who write about the wide range of issues that plague the LGBTQ community, truly represent the rawness of our diverse community.
The Coming Storm. In the coming year, as A.B. 1266 goes into effect in California, be prepared to read a lot of stories like this
The Right Wing's Winning Argument. Conservatives are already beginning to chip away at LGBT rights, and they're doing it under the banner of \religious freedom and liberty.\ This is a tough narrative to beat, and it is tough to argue against because it is so deeply rooted in the American narrative.
Where Do We Go From Here? (Hate Crimes on the Pier). The hate crimes, violence, and stigma against LGBTQ people must stop! That is why GMHC's Outstanding Beautiful Brothers program was created, to help young men of color who have sex with men stay healthy and receive support.
(Really Good) Sh*t My Mom Says (About Her Gay Grandson). My 81-year-old mother has been an advocate for equality for as long as I can remember, so when my son Jason first told me that he's gay, I had absolutely no qualms about how my parents would react.
Why Drag Queens Are Better Role Models Than Disney Princesses. Imagine my horror when my toddlers took to Disney princesses. The feminist inside me wept -- until, eavesdropping on their usual princess gab, I overheard the following statement
Barilla Pasta Boycott Urged By LGBT Rights Groups Following Chairman's Anti-Gay Remarks. If gays \like our pasta and our advertising, they'll eat our pasta. If they don't like it, then they will not eat it and
I'm Transgender-Masculine, a Lover of Men, and Living in Accordance With My Biblical Faith. As a person who has characteristics of both of the conventional binary genders, I cannot help but embrace the creation account not as a principle that exclusively upholds heterosexuality but as an affirmation of the importance and blessedness of human partnership.
Eyricka Morgan, Transgender Woman, Allegedly Murdered In New Jersey. Eyricka Morgan, 26, reportedly died Sept. 24 at Robert Wood Johnson University Hospital in New Brunswick. Devonte Scott, 21
Barilla Pasta Gay Controversy Spoofed By CharlieHidesTV. After Barilla Pasta's chairman sparked international controversy by declaring that his company would never include same-sex
Straight Man Gets Emotional Over Gay Brother's Struggles After Wedding. In this emotional video, David Stevens, a straight man, discusses what happened after he posted pictures of his gay brother's
Drew Droege, 'Chloe' Web Series Star, Discusses 'Hollywood Acting Studio'. And you\u2019ll be doing it again? We\u2019re just in the beginning phases of talking, but I said, \u201cOf course.\u201d When you\u2019re doing sketch
Not All Like That? If You Say So. When I first heard about Dan Savage's NALT (\Not All Like That\) Christians Project, which features videos by Christians who are not anti-LGBT haters, I was very skeptical. In fact, I was so skeptical that I ignored it. But I had this niggling curiosity.
PFLAG Southwestern CT's Final Meeting. Although most farewell dinners are somewhat bittersweet, the parents gathered at the dinner last week couldn't have been happier about ending their regular monthly meetings.  There simply was no further need for them, at least in this part of Connecticut.
Gwist Recap. James Franco Roast
Trans Inclusive Feminism And Womanism. We are proud to present a collective statement that is, to our knowledge (and we would love to be wrong about this) the first
Looking for Tyler. When I give presentations at schools, I am always looking for Tyler in the crowd. I guess some part of my mind still thinks I can save him. Ultimately I cannot. But every time I tell the story, I meet at least one person who reminds me that there are others who need to know that they are not alone.
LGBT Celebrity Biopic Films. Melissa McCarthy as Rosie O'Donnell The film version of the life of the \Queen of Nice\ would depict O'Donnell's rise from
Maggie Gallagher, Leading Gay Marriage Opponent. But Gallagher, who stepped down from the board of NOM two years ago and has been referred to as \gay marriage's top foe,\ had
Hip Hop's Mister Cee's Legitimate Love for Women. To peg Mister Cee as gay would not be entirely accurate. Sexuality has never been uncomplicated. The leading heteronormative and gay paradigms have aimed to make it uncomplicated, but that only erases and make invisible those who do not fit within.
Cassidy Lynn Campbell, Transgender Teen, Named Homecoming Queen. She is the first transgender homecoming queen at Marina High School and hopes that her win echoes outside her town. The teen's
Lesbian Gynecological Health. I recently corresponded with a young lesbian of color, age 27, who has never had a gynecological exam. I couldn't fathom why. When I asked her, she replied that she doesn't have sex with men, so there is no need. I have to say that I was shocked.
Russia. Don't go. Slovakia and Bulgaria, while by no means gay paradises, are still havens compared with Russia and provide Slavic vacations with the best of them.
Small-Town Utah, Big LGBT Pride. Moab Pride has created one of the most unique pride events in the country. This year's theme, \Naturally Engayged,\ promises to combine the beauty of Moab and its surrounding national parks with Utah's growing awareness and celebration of its LGBT population.
Babies! The Natural Next Step Following Same-Sex Marriage. The state of New York has a draconian law on the books that currently makes it extremely challenging for couples to have full legal protection over their children, whether they're adopting, using a gestational carrier or have no biological ties to the child they're raising.
Cameron Esposito, Lesbian Comedian, Discusses 'Late Late Show' Appearance. The stand-up artist had the performance of a lifetime with Jay Leno, an unexpected guest on the show, interrupting the comedian
A Message for Dinosaurs. I also understand that your opinions are based on your religious beliefs, but guess what? Those beliefs where passed down
The Fast-Changing World Map of LGBT Rights. Charles talks about the big strides that countries around the world have made on this issue in the last decade, the present-day LGBT rights map of the world, which still looks like a \patchwork quilt,\ and where he thinks we will (and can) be a decade from now.
A Paradigm Shift Without a Clutch. I told the students I have been with my partner Janis for 13 years, and that we have three young children. I never mentioned my transition or used the words \lesbian\ or \transgender.\ I just let them draw their own conclusions. Then I asked if I might do an audience participation exercise.
The 'T' Word. Can we have a conversation about the word \tranny\? It's a word that is generally considered dehumanizing and offensive when referring to transgender people. But there it was in headlines last week in the story about DJ Mister Cee. There it was in a Daily Beast interview with Jared Leto.
End HIV Now. It is remarkable how little has been done to dispel myths about HIV-positive people. Changing these perceptions is one key to wiping out HIV. Meanwhile, the HIV-positive community, now numbering almost 2 million in the U.S., continues to grow every year by 50,000 people.
Parts Unknown. Severe pain in my 17-year-old son's abdomen took us to the ER last week. It's one of those situations that everyone dreads, but if you're transgender, there can be an added level of anxiety when the medical professionals aren't current on trans health care. Such was the case for us.
Workplace Discrimination Against Transgender Individuals. Macy v. Holder established that gender identity is protected under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act. While encouraging, reliance on the Civil Rights Act doesn't offer transgender individuals the protection necessary to close some of the employment and wage gaps they so frequently face.
A Look At The History Of Gay Cruising In Moscow. One day in 1955, a railway stoker named Klimov entered the GUM department store, looking for a bite to eat. While inside
'Naked As We Came' Premiere. The film was a very personal one for writer-director LeMay, who said he was inspired by several close friends who lost parents
Coming Out As A 'Recovering Heterosexual'. At the end of the day, whether you call it coming out, getting real with yourself, living your life fantastically, or functioning
Breaking Social Silences in Nigeria. Suffering a brutal attack last October, Michael has been granted political asylum in the U.S. and currently lives in New York, where he and I spoke about the events that brought him here and the current state of affairs for the LGBT community in Nigeria.
Jake Gyllenhaal On Gay Rumors, 'Brokeback Mountain' On 'Inside The Actors Studio'. The hour-long chatfest premieres next week on Bravo, and during the course of the program Gyllenhaal talks about his life
Legendary Children, Photo Exhibition, Showcases Southern Drag Queens. On his Kickstarter page, Terrell describes the art of drag
Breaking Down What DJ Mister Cee's Scandal Means. DJ Mister Cee resigned from radio station Hot 97 after a video was posted of him allegedly soliciting sex from a cross-dressing
Russia Rewords Olympic Truce Amid Criticism Of Anti-Gay Law. After lengthy negotiations with UN representatives, Russia has reworded its version of the symbolic \Olympic Truce\ statement
Can Cavusoglu, Gay Activist, Could Become Turkey's First Gay Mayor. Turkey, an aspiring candidate for EU membership, has seen a significant relaxing of attitudes towards homosexuality in recent
Matthew Dempsey, Psychotherapist, Shares Video About Gay 'Shame And Vulnerability'. Gay psychotherapist Matthew Dempsey is back with the latest installment in his monthly video series that discusses gay men
How My Life Partner Became My Business Partner and Helped Save My Practice. If you are asking, \How can you possibly live together, raise two kids, take care of a dog, run a household, and work together seven days a week?\ I'm here to tell you that not only can it be done, but if you have the opportunity to do it, you should!
Bashing Binaries -- Along With 2,000 Pounds of Clay (PHOTOS, VIDEO). I aim to make images that bash through binaries and the notion that in order to be officially transgender, you have to have surgery or take hormones. I perform trans not as something about a crossing from one sex to another but as a continual becoming.
15 LGBT Films Released On DVD, Streaming This Summer You May Have Missed. Finished binge-watching \Orange is the New Black?\ Staring at your empty DVR counting the days until the season premiere
Chris Quinn and LGBT Political Interests. For many LGBT voters, voting for the candidate they view as more progressive (on other issues, such as development) may matter more. I want to make a case for why Quinn is a better candidate for LGBT issues and why those issues still matter.
Lance Bass Reveals Engagement, Wedding Details And How He Proposed To Michael Turchin. \He is going to be a great husband and the best thing is\u2026he is going to be such a great dad,\ Bass gushed. \I am a traditionalist
Sweet Cakes By Melissa, Oregon Bakery That Denied Gay Couple A Wedding Cake, Closes Shop. \I am saddened to hear that you're closing your shop. It is terrible that you live in the U.S.A. -- land where our forefathers
Jake Wilson's 'WERQ (The Labor Day Song)' With Singer Raena White Debuts (VIDEO). Labor Day might mean you have off from work but that doesn't mean you shouldn't still WERQ! At least that's what Jake Wilson
Daniel Henderson, Gay Airman, Still Fights For Military Benefits After DADT Repeal. \I really want that public apology, I really do,\ he said. \It is something that is important to me, more than any kind of
Transgender Surgery Fundraising Guide. Preface
Sophia Young, WNBA All-Star, Publicly Opposes Same-Sex Marriage Despite League's LGBT Fan Base. Young did not respond to a Huffington Post request for comment. However her Twitter feed has since included this statement
Something To Celebrate. With so much hate continually aimed at the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community, we like to take a moment every
From 'No Homo' to 'Yeah, Bro'. You know you know gay people. You realize by now that they're all around. You've been on baseball teams and in locker rooms and rushed frats together. We, as the impossible to define bunch known as Gen-Y, have become increasingly cool with our gay brothers and friends.
Gwist Recap. This week on Gwist! Get to know the lovely \ladies\ of the 2013 Miss'D America Pageant, starting with the inimitable Miss
Till Death Do Us Part. As we pause, and broil or grill or just sit and watch a ball game with our friends and family, let us remember those who have worked and struggled and died for us, for us to be better people individually as well as better people as a nation.
Denice Frohman, Spoken Word Poet, Slams 'Dear Straight People,' Incredible Queer Performance (VIDEO). Denice Frohman, a spoken word poet, wowed audiences at the \Women of the World Poetry Slam\ in Minneapolis earlier this year
The Queerest Moments From The MTV Video Music Awards. Believe it or not, but it's already been 10 years since Madonna locked lips with Britney Spears and Christina Aguilera at
Lesbian Couples Want to Enslave Straight Men!. Consider David Usher of the \Center for Marriage Policy,\ claims the recent Supreme Court ruling on marriage created three legal classes for marriage. Usher is just making the stuff up to scare fundamentalist Christians into sending donations to his group.
I Hadn't Been Called the F-word Since High School -- Until Last Week. On a recent Saturday morning, while walking my dog down a quiet, tree-lined street in my Manhattan neighborhood, I heard a loogie being hocked. I thought nothing of it -- until a mixture of saliva and snot landed directly in front of my pooch's paws.
Gwist Recap. This week on Gwist! Joel and the gang demonstrate some delicious safety tips! The Steam Room boys list all the gay things
Kim Smith's 'Jealous' Video Showcases Aussie 'Neo-Weimar, Cabaret-Pop' Star's Talents. \Jealous\ is the latest cut from Smith's 2013 album \Nova,\ which was released in May to solid reviews. The award-winning
Lesbian Stereotypes. Mary Gorham Malia \u2013- Are you ready to jump into the lesbian dating world? Get access to my free three video series on Lesbian
Happy Happy Gay Gay Greeting Card Line For Same-Sex Weddings Debuts. Cute cards that contribute to a good cause? Click here to get your own for the happy couple in your life! But we have good
'Straight Years Project' Highlights Awkward Heterosexual Years Before Coming Out As Gay (PHOTOS). When asked about the project, Shawn Hollenbach from Logo said, \We thought it would be equally cathartic and hilarious to
Everyone Knew I Was Gay, Except My Brother. When I came out to the rest of my family in my early 20s, no one was shocked. The fact that I was gay shouldn't have been a surprise to my brother either. After all, we had adjacent bedrooms and my high school years were spent wearing out the soundtracks to Rent and Jesus Christ Superstar.
Russia's Anti-Gay Law Backlash An 'Invented Problem,' Says Minister. \We don't have a law to ban non-traditional sexual relations,\ he said. \The mass media in the West have focused much more
Female Russian Athletes Kiss After Winning Gold In Possible Protest Of Anti-Gay Law. \I think this is kind of an invented problem,\ he told reporters during a press conference, according to Reuters. \We don't
Gwist Recap. Miss Richfield 1981 Explores Provincetown Join Miss Richfield for a delightfully informative romp through the gayest of all
Queen Latifah's Refusal To Talk About Her Personal Life On New Show Discussed On The Rubin Report. Queen Latifah's refusal to address long-standing rumors about her private life on her highly-anticipated new talk show was
A Marriage By Any Other Name. This month a Kentucky judge will decide whether Geneva Case must testify against her spouse Bobbie Jo Clary despite a Kentucky law that exempts spouses from testifying against one another. If they were a legally married opposite-sex couple this would be an easy decision. But they're not. They're two women who obtained a civil union.
While Your Child Is Still Alive. While your child is still alive, don't worry about what your friends will think. Twenty years from now, your friends' opinions won't keep you up at night. But your remorse about not loving your child while you still had the chance will. Trust me on this.
Jamie And Leryn Richaud, Same-Sex Couple Wed In Bora Bora, Inspire Marketing Campaign (VIDEO). A lesbian couple from Louisiana who got married at a resort in Bora Bora last month are now the faces of a stunningly beautiful
RuPaul Stars In 'RuPaul Drives,' New World Of Wonder Web Series (VIDEO). In a press release about the new series sent to The Huffington Post, RuPaul explains the idea behind \RuPaul Drives...\ saying
Gay History Book In Russia Sparks Controversy As Saratov Official Calls For Its Removal From Stores. The Russian-language book Lelikov is taking issue with -- GAYS. They Changed The World by Viktoriya Degtyareva -- pays tribute
What a Kindergartener Can Teach You About Gender Identity. About six months ago my 6-year-old, Joshua, asked, \Mom, what is 'transgender'?\ I explained as best as I could, but I also said that it's a very complicated topic that sometimes even grownups struggle with. Joshua thought about it for a moment and then issued his surprising response.
'The Week In Gay' Looks At Biggest LGBT Stories Of Week With Lea DeLaria. Fans of the Netflix hit \Orange is the New Black\ have an extra special reason to tune into \This Week In Gay,\ our weekly
Germany To Offer Third Gender Option On Birth Certificates. Incidentally, Germany's not the only country navigating the legal implications of appropriately categorizing third gender
A Charmed Life. I was there when they drilled into his bone to see if the cancer had spread. I reached out for his hand in case there was pain. Fortunately there wasn't, but I was there anyway. No one questioned my being with Norman, and I was treated as any husband or wife would have been.
No Chi in Sochi Olympics. I must disagree with the venerable Greg Louganis. The U.S. Olympic Committee should expeditiously threaten to boycott the 2014 Winter Olympics and encourage other countries to join in. Then the IOC will be forced to take up Canada's offer to have the Games moved to Vancouver.
A Gay Dad's Open Letter to the International Olympic Committee. I am the father of 11- and 10-year-old sons. You are a parent to thousands of aspiring champions. You know that any of your children who are LGBT or pro-LGBT are at risk
UNC System Bans Gender-Inclusive Housing, Creating Hostile Schools. This sort of policy only ends up forcing students, especially trans students, into living situations where they are harassed and must be on guard at all moments. This further alienates already at-risk populations of youth when we should be including these individuals and building them up.
The Fascinating Tale of Fascist Italy's All-Gay Island Paradise. In 1938 a Sicilian mayor did the local homosexuals an inadvertent favor, and all in the name of currying favor with Mussolini. Anxious to appear as fascist as possible, the mayor of Catania rounded up 45 guys and shipped them to the lovely island of San Domino in the Adriatic Sea.
'Til There Was Us. Last Friday I came across a feature entitled \''Til There Was You'
Why Don Ennis Hasn't Failed. A person's decision to transition -- or to retreat from such a transition -- is in no way an indication of success or failure, or fitness to live in one role or another.
Boycotting the Winter Olympics Isn't Enough. With the failure of governments to act in the name of the voters in anything other than war and death it's up to the LGBT community to take action on our own, we have to stoke this fire and fan the flames until people do listen.
Gwist Recap. 2. Judy Gold
Why I'm an LGBT Activist Against a U.S. Boycott of the Russian Olympics. I am not yet convinced that pressing for a U.S. Winter Olympics boycott is the best way activists and others can make a positive difference.
Embracing A Gay Lifestyle. 4 Common Gay Sex Myths Debunked! Now, if someone had told me that being authentic and coming out of the closet would shake
Queen Latifah Won't Discuss Sexuality, Personal Life On New Talk Show. The Academy Award-nominated performer's private life has been the source of ample media speculation for some time. In 2012
Kentucky Gay Couple Seeks Spousal Privilege Protection In Murder Trial. Clary is also charged with tampering with evidence to cover up the crime. If convicted, Clary could face the death penalty
All Out Delivers Petition to the International Olympic Committee (VIDEO). This global call urged the IOC to condemn Russia's anti-gay law before the Olympic Games and urge Russia to ensure the security of all visitors, athletes and Russian people before, during, and after the Games.
The 3 Bits. Please enjoy the third episode of The 3 Bits
Life After Long Distance. Life has truly never been better, but that is not to say that it is a seamless transition from the torture of long distance to forever-happy days. While we couldn't wait to see the end of the distance, there are things we didn't even realize we were going to miss.
'Who Am I to Judge?'. Although the pope did not suddenly change the church's view that LGBTQ people should remain celibate, whether as priests or as lay people, he did tell Christians around the world that it's time to live up to the highest values of the faith rather than descend to base disrespect for human beings.
Growing Up Gay in Russia. Realizing I was gay in Russia felt like a terminal disease diagnosis. There I was, a secret pedik, one of the monsters I'd heard about so much yet knew so little about. Convinced that I was the only real gay person in Russia, I felt completely alienated from the human race.
Equality Group, Jayden Sink Fight Westboro Baptist Church With National Lemonade Stand Initiative. \The story of Jayden's lemonade stand is a simple one; a little girl, awesome parents and a desire to help make the world
Where Has All the HIV Funding Gone?. I am outraged. We all knew sequestration was coming, but most people really did not know what those words meant. For GMHC's clients it means cuts to the food that they need in order to take their medicine. It means less support for mental health and substance abuse.
Russia Anti-Gay Law Protest Draws Hundreds In London. On Friday, Olympic president Jacques Rogge asked Russia to explain how the country will implement the law in detail ahead
'The Week In Gay,' HuffPost Live Segment, Recaps Biggest LGBT Stories Of The Week. Another week, another edition of the HuffPost Live segment \This Week In Gay,\ which rounds up some of the biggest lesbian
CURB 'Identity Briefs' Underwear Reveal Gay Men's Preferred Sexual Position. Only problem? You've got to get his pants off first. CURB, an athletic-wear and undergarment company based out of London
Alan Chambers, Exodus International's Former President, On Sexual Labels, 'Ex-Gay' Therapy. Listen to the full interview here
Why Neil Patrick Harris Is Just the Worst. I have taken my children to playdates only to witness the palpable, growing disappointment of the other parents when they realize that we are not, in fact, the Harris-Burtka family. (How sweetly their names hyphenate. Now try hyphenating Vigorito-Horowitz with a straight face.)
Sandy Rios, Conservative Radio Host, Links Gay Love To Ariel Castro Rape And Torture. Listen to a portion of Sandy Rios' interview below. Sandy Rios, American Family Association talk show host and Fox News contributor
An Interview With A Gay, Russian Neo-Nazi. A couple of weeks ago, I interviewed someone from the Malaysian neo-Nazi scene. The whole concept of Malay neo-Nazis was
New House Bill Seeks To Aid LGBT Homeless Youth. Homeless shelters that receive federal funds won\u2019t be able to discriminate against LGBT youth if new legislation introduced
The End of Splash Gay Chelsea Gay New York New York. When Splash does close this month, I won't necessarily miss it (though I did have some remarkable times there).  What I will miss is the New York City that it was a part of, a place where the fringes of our culture could come together and celebrate.
The Dark Side of Being Transgender. For the most part, my life as a trans woman seems to be working. But I truly cannot go back to living as a man. This is a choice like breathing is a choice. I can choose to not breathe, but not for long. I have to do this to stay alive. Truly I do.
Changes. I'm not the first or only guy to be a dad.  Or a single dad.  Or even a single gay dad.  I don't think there's that many of us, but I'm not one of a kind.  Nevertheless, I am different from almost everyone I'm close with, including the gay couples I know with children.
Maybe I Am a Bad Influence After All. \You can't let them adopt. They're a bad influence and, you know, the kids will turn out just like them.\ An otherwise progressive and educated person I know once said that.  \Them,\ in that statement, meant LGBT people.
Why Do Straight Feminists Hate Lesbians?. The culture of lesbian erasure that has flourished in the past few years has become deeply and disturbingly entrenched in straight, liberal feminism. Lesbians have become politically anathema. We're expected to support the abortion-rights movement, but there's no reciprocity.
The Queer Life of Digital Dating. Online dating isn't easy for most people, but it's really tough for older women. When I began my online search, I was elated to receive some immediate responses. Upon examining those first photos, I thought, \They are all old! Do I look like them?\
Gay Couple Forced To Back Of The Bus For Holding Hands. Last month, weekly publication the Alibi spoke with the shuttle driver, Mychael Jones, about why he made the gay couple to
Gwist Recap. This week on Gwist! Randy Rainbow and Anthony Weiner go on a date and exchange some naughty texts! The Steam Room boys celebrate
'The Week In Gay,' HuffPost Live Segment, Recaps Biggest LGBT Stories Of The Week. HuffPost Live featured a new segment, \This Week In Gay,\ on Friday that rounded up some of the biggest lesbian, gay, bisexual
Catching Up With Michael Menzies, the 'Love Child' of No\u00ebl Coward and Marlene Dietrich. Back in June I put together a summer reading list that included a delightful-sounding memoir called Deeply Superficial
Arianna Huffington Talks LGBT Success Stories, Third Metric And DOMA Victory. \u201cI was recently at the conference and I was interviewing Roberta Kaplan, who did such a marvelous job bringing the DOMA case
Lady Bunny Discusses 'Take Me Up High,' Transgender Community And More. What specifically happened during 9/11 that activated you? I was at Murray\u2019s Bagels on 6th Ave and 13th Street and you can
Homophobia in Hip-Hop. When I was growing up, rap's raw sound drew me in, but its repugnant attitudes toward women and the LGBT community left me feeling torn. I love hop-hop but dislike what it has sometimes stood for.
On The Campaign Trail With Mel Wymore, The Man Who Could Become New York's First Openly Trans Politician. Although he doesn't focus on his gender identity while campaigning, he doesn't ignore it either. Strolling down Amsterdam
Nepal. When Nepal\u2019s Supreme Court in June directed the government to introduce a third category on passports for people who identify
Sharon Needles, 'RuPaul's Drag Race' Star, Cooks With Thu Tran On \Late Night Munchies\. Get More
Immigration for Same-Sex Spouses in a Post-DOMA World. Without DOMA, the federal validity of same-sex marriages will depend on state law, but it is not always clear which state law applies after married couples cross state lines
Gwist Recap. Chris Christie's Gay Marriage Dilemna - The Rubin Report The panel discusses both Christie's stance on gay marriage and his
'Geography Club,' Outfest Los Angeles Winner, To Be Distributed. Breaking Glass Pictures has acquired North American distribution rights for Geography Club, the film based on Brent Hartinger's
Forte Fortisshomo. I fall into the \happy to be part of the queer artist community\ camp, and even I have felt protective over how my sexuality is presented in the context of my music. I can only imagine how my \closeted\ peers feel. Nonetheless, here are some anxieties I have felt or hear echoed in my community.
Returning To The School Where I Was Bullied For Being Gay. The last time I walked out of Lutterworth grammar school, back in 1987, I nearly gave up on my future. Years of sustained
HBO's 'The Out List' Debuts As A Coffee Table Book By Timothy Greenfield-Sanders (PHOTOS). HBO premiered Timothy Greenfield-Sanders' documentary \The Out List\ last month, in which a diverse cross-section of Americans
California County Clerk's Gay Marriage Protest. Opponents are taking another shot at ending gay marriage in California and this time the shooter is from San Diego. San Diego
Gwist Recap. This week on Gwist! Join Joel Kahn the Broke Foodie as he shows you how to host a terrific backyard party while staying on
Alan Turing, Gay World War II Codebreaker, May Receive Posthumous Pardon Via British Bill. Officials have indicated they would support a bill that would pardon Alan Turing, who commit suicide in 1954 after being
Steph Grant, Photographer, Shares Gorgeous Lesbian Indian Wedding Pictures (PHOTOS) (UPDATED). When asked about the difference between shooting straight and gay weddings, Grant told The Huffington Post in an email
Gwist Recap. 3. Steam Room Stories -- Bucket List The boys compare bucket lists and help each other cross off some sexy things. Gwist
The Many Shades of 'Out'. Freedom isn't just an external concept, framed by our laws. It's a gift of the spirit that we must give ourselves, in this case by going towards brighter shades of 'out.'
20 LGBT Memoirs And Biographies For A Summer Read. If you're headed to the beach anytime soon for a bit of a break from your everyday life, then why not also escape into someone
In Ink. A tattoo felt like some new revelation. I was going to make a permanent decision and stick by it.
John Namey, Pennsylvania Father, Believes Lawn Was Vandalized With Swastika Because Daughter Is Gay. Unfortunately, it wasn't the first time the Namey family has been subject to vandalism in recent days. Earlier last week
Orson Scott Card's Anti-Gay Views Prompt 'Ender's Game' Movie Protest. They also note, \Do not buy a ticket at the theater, do not purchase the DVD, do not watch it on-demand. Ignore all merchandise
Argle-Bargle. Really?  Argle-bargle?  The term doesn't appear in my dictionary, but I take it to mean an incoherent ramble, the equivalent of gibberish.  And to apply it to the legal arguments that a generation of lawyers and legal scholars have debated for years is, itself, offensive.
10 Signs Displayed in the 2013 NYC Pride March That You Should Read and Remember. Despite the fact that full LGBT equality has not yet been achieved, the trend towards achievement of that goal is definitely clear.
Ex, Allow Me to Show You the Door. I use to think that not being friends with your ex meant that you were a horrible person. So horrible that you couldn't even remain friends after the relationship ended. But now I see the light!
Best Gay Videos Of The Week From GwistTV, Gay YouTube Channel. Gwist is a brand new YouTube channel that brings together videos of interest to the lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and
Bigotry Didn't Die with DOMA, Neither Should Radical Queer Politics. The gutting of the Voting Rights Act is a major setback in the struggle for racial justice. This doesn't mean we can't celebrate the death of DOMA and Prop 8, two hateful pieces of legislation. But we can't let our rainbow flags blind us to what's happening behind the scenes.
10 Ways to Support Your Gay Kid, Whether You Know You Have One or Not. Here are some helpful hints for supporting your gay child before they ever come out to you. After all, parenting gay kids does not start when they come out. They've been gay since day one, whether you knew it or not.
The Very Public, Very Desperate Crumbling of the Anti-gay Right. Maybe despite their screams to the press that they would win, they knew what was coming, what was inevitable. What followed that amazing day when my husband and I woke up without equality and went to bed with 1,100 more rights, was truly dumbfounding.
Emotional Cheating And Lesbian Couples. It's Time For All States To Ban \Gay-Repair\ Therapy 10 Proud Gay & Lesbian Couples Throughout History 1. She shares her
Russia's Gay Community Gets First-Ever Float In NYC's Pride Parade. \It turned out wonderful ... I'm living my dream,\ Pasha Zalutski, the parade float's organizer and a Belarusian native, told
Are the Gays Destroying Scandinavia?. The three nations that make up Scandinavia are Sweden, Denmark and Norway. Is there any truth to Jackson's assertion, regarding these countries?
The Arc of the Moral Universe. Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Americans have come out of the closet and in many places been allowed to live normal lives.  It's a tribute to the leadership of the LGBT movement that so much has been accomplished in such a (relatively) short amount of time.
Pro Bar, Atlantic City's First Gay Nightclub, Offers LGBT Travelers An East Coast Alternative. \u201cWe continue to bring iconic entertainers, DJ's and events to the club, while supporting local non-profit organizations and
Tilda Swinton Holds Rainbow Flag In Moscow In Defense Of Russia's Gay Community (PHOTO). Check out the photograph below as re-tweeted by HuffPost Gay Voices blogger Scott Wooledge, then scroll down to keep reading
When Life Gives You Lemons, or Why I Started an HIV Charity With My Dog. Sometimes life will give you lemons. And sometimes you make lemonade. My lemonade came in the form of a Yorkie puppy. This is our story.
The Play. Imagine waking in the morning and entering into a play. You assume the part of a character who is not you. The character is about 5 years old and male. \How can I play the part of a boy?\ you ask. \This is the part you are assigned,\ comes the answer.
The Day I Got Gay Married. We had intended to be somewhat tongue-in-cheek about our marriage. In the hours leading up to the \I do,\ we kept trying the word \wife\ on for size, and then guffawing at the absurdity of how it sounded. But before we knew it, romance had crept in.
An All-American Dad... Almost. The kids want to fish. Damn. I'm going to have to dig for worms. I hate worms. They're icky. But the dad I'm aspiring to be doesn't say words like \icky.\ Why can't I be more like those other kinds of dads? Wait. Is this just internalized homophobia? Probably. So what am I saying?
Queering Immigration. The immigration debate gets to the heart of a conversation about who is a \real\ citizen, who is part of our communities, and who can be allowed to stay and live here, and who has to do so through a shadow existence, with no basic rights. Sound familiar? If you're LGBTQ, it should.
Paul Scalia, Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia's Son, Doesn't Think That Homosexuality Is A Thing. In an example of how one might avoid these types of labels, Paul Scalia referred to homosexuality as a \phenomenon\ in a
Gay Relationships. 8 Life-Changing Images Of Love In Turbulent Times Whether we're gay, straight or bisexual, we all crave love in our lives
Gay Marriage Will 'Destroy' Children And Lead Them To Crime And Violence. The Supreme Court's rulings on the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) and California's Prop 8 have been enthusiastically received
Worldwide 'I Am Equality' Campaign Builds Momentum (AUDIO). On Aug. 17, in cities across the world, major photo shoots will be taking place to create powerful images in which people proclaim what they will do to make equality go viral. I was honored to have some of the organizers of the \I Am Equality\ campaign on SnowbizNow.
A Gay Man's Moment of Patriotism. On the steps of the Supreme Court, we began to sing the national anthem. I'm amazed by how incredible it feels to sing this. It's a powerful thing to hear a host of men's voices blending together, marginalized citizens showing pride in and passion for a country slow to embrace them fully.
Gay American History. After the historic moments that went down last week, what better way to celebrate Independence Day than looking into America's
What Will the Future of Heterosexism Look Like?. Do the increasing acceptance of homosexuality and the recent Supreme Court rulings mean that anti-LGBT prejudice is on the way out? Not exactly. Just like racism and sexism are alive and well in 2013, I suspect the same will be true for heterosexism several decades from now.
Amelia, Blogger And Mom Of Young Gay Son, Talks With HuffPost Gay Voices. We caught up with Amelia to find out more about her incredible story, what inspires her, how her son feels about her blogging
Gwist Recap. 2. The Rubin Report -- My Grandma on Why Being Gay Doesn't Matter Dave Rubin's wonderful Grandma shares her thoughts on how
How Do We Solve A Problem Like 'Queerbaiting'?. We're at an interesting moment in history for LGBTQ media representation. We're long past the days when queer characters
Socially Conservative or Socially Unacceptable?. As the movement for equality gains traction and momentum, can we expect to see fewer public displays of opposition to gay rights?
Death of DOMA Revives the American Dream for Same-Sex Couples at Home and Abroad. One impact of the Court's decision that resounds far beyond our borders, is in the area of immigration.
Weeklings. Get out your rings, gay dudes, because in this edition of Weeklings!, I pick out my ideal celebrity husband. Is it Neil Patrick Harris? Is it Alexander the Great? What about Liberace's new cheekbones? Join me on a matrimonial journey.
Misrepresenting Discrimination. Last week, HUD released its first-ever study of housing discrimination against same-sex couples. News outlets picked up the study, reporting preferential treatment for heterosexual couples over same-sex coupes, but they deeply mischaracterized they study's findings.
God Loves Uganda. Rather than argue that my film is persecuting them, evangelicals should speak out against violence and intolerance. I encourage evangelical Christian leaders to embrace the heroes of my film, who are in fact faith leaders who are spreading a Christian message.
Religiously Queer. As we celebrate Pride Month and the anniversary of the Stonewall uprising by LGBT bar patrons fighting back against the police, who were trying violently to arrest them, I wonder why more liberals and progressives don't seek to learn about a fascinating ancient theology called Gnosticism.
If My Gay Memory Serves Me Right.... I knew the Supreme Court rulings were to be made that day, but nonetheless, I found myself utterly awestruck, which is not easy to come by for this queen! Before calling family, posting to Facebook or tweeting to my fans, I found myself recalling the very first time I went to a gay bar.
A Different Kind of Family Debate. The contrast between the American and British ways of arguing over family values has never been more visible than over the past few days.
Prop 8 News Highlight Reel. It's hard to sum up just how incredible this week has been
DOMA Decision. Marriage is a means for rich people to consolidate and concentrate their wealth, one of many ways to enforce the status quo. That the Supreme Court justices' decision comes at a time when families are being eviscerated by the wealthy should give progressives some pause.
How Does It Feel to Be Southern and LGBTQ After the SCOTUS Decisions? Let's 'Marry the Movement' (VIDEO). We made this video because we believe that the real victory in DOMA and Prop 8 being struck down is the victory of thousands of LGBTQ people and our allies who have changed the culture of this country, not just its policies and laws.
The Best Part of DOMA's Repeal. While I'll certainly benefit from this change in policy, for bi-national GLBT couples, DOMA's repeal not only legalizes their relationships, but also makes them able to legally live in the same country together. Even immigration reform would not have had this impact on GLBT immigrants.
Lady Gaga Sings National Anthem At NYC Gay Pride Rally (VIDEO). \Oh say does that star-spangled flag of pride yet wave,\ she crooned to the roaring delight of those gathered. Celebrating
Revolution vs. Reform. My discomfort in watching the joyous reactions to recent gains for marriage equality stems from my understanding of the Stonewall rebellion as an impetus for revolutionary change within an oppressive social structure, as opposed to mere reform, accommodation, or assimilation.
No Mo' DOMA! I've Got My Wife, I've Got My Life!. For us, it's the end of a long, long journey. Well, it's not really the end until Karin gets her green card. But it's the last hurdle for us. And it's the green light that so many have waited for to get married and established together in America.
The Supreme Court, DOMA and the Sermon on the Mount. The Sermon on the Mount presents a radically different agenda than what the nation of Israel expected from the Messiah. Our Supreme Court Justices overturned conventional wisdom in their ruling, and this is what Jesus did every day.
George Takei Discusses Gay Rights, 'Star Trek' And Being A Comic Book Hero. With Zachary Quinto playing the character Spock in the new \u201cStar Trek\u201d movies and being an openly gay actor, did you ever
Born to See Equality for All LGBTs?. Let's celebrate our #DoubleRainbow victories today, tomorrow and all through the summer. This is our Summer of Love.  But let's also remember the \T\ in \LGBT.\ The fight for their rights has only begun.
The Fagbug Reaches All 50 States! (PHOTOS). To get the fagbug to Hawaii and Alaska, I went carless for 54 days, flew on 14 planes, had the car shipped (on a boat) four times, rode with it on a ferry for four nights without a cabin to sleep in, and interviewed people in seven different languages (including sign language).
Equality Is Only 108.2 Miles Away!. I am thrilled with the great strides forward that the Supreme Court has helped the gay and lesbian community achieve. But I feel as if Brian and I are on a different boat. Others are partying onshore, and the party looks fabulous, darling, but we are waiting for our boat to take us to shore.
Being Queer Means.... Being queer means constantly questioning what's considered \normal\ and why that norm gets privileged over other ways of being. It means criticizing who sets these norms and recognizing the privilege that comes with being able to identify as \normal.\
Why Don't Lesbians Hook Up Online?. Ever since hookup websites (and subsequently apps) became the way gay men play, lesbians have been asking, \Where's our Grindr
An Open Letter To People Who Yell Homophobic Things At Me On The Street. Dear Asshats, First of all, thank you for pointing out my obvious queerness. I\u2019m not surprised you\u2019re able to notice my homo
How I Didn't Get AIDS. Most of my young gay friends are uninterested in the history of my membership in ACT UP, but a few, like Jake, are curious, even insistent. I answer their questions and try to explain what it was like to be 25 in the East Village in 1989.
Allyson Robinson, OutServe/SLDN Exec Dir, Reportedly Fired; Senior Staff Resigns. OutServe/SLDN Executive Director Allyson Robinson was fired after a board coup yesterday according to a leaked email sent
Equality House Hosts Gay Wedding Across From Westboro Baptist Church. Kidwell and Short live in Arkansas, just north of Little Rock -- where same-sex marriage is also illegal -- and they'd nearly
Should the Supreme Court's Ruling on Gay Marriage Be the Same as Their Ruling on Interracial Marriage?. Although Mark and I are not planning a wedding anytime soon, it is important that our government support and recognize that our love is as powerful and valuable as that of any heterosexual couple, just as it was for Mr. and Mrs. Loving despite their races.
Best Gay Videos Of The Week From GwistTV, Gay YouTube Channel. This week on Gwist
American Apparel Debuts LGBT Pride T-Shirts In GLAAD Collaboration (PHOTOS). Take a look at another photo from the American Apparel line below
Sharing the Stories of LGBT Youth. 
'Are You a Boy?'. It was an awkward time in my transition, when questions like this one were just beginning to become an expected part of my day, although seldom as innocent and honest as was the question on this day. After a few seconds, I stopped and turned to the boy and asked, \What do you think?\
Asexual Community Leaders Look Toward The Future. Echoing similar sentiments, Anthony Bogaert, a Brock University professor and author of Understanding Asexuality, says he
How 8 Gay Families Are Celebrating Father's Day This Year. This Sunday, June 16, families across the country will pull out the barbecues, take in the summer sun, and come together
Gwist's Pride Month Special Talks With Stonewall Veterans and More, June 10 -- 17. PRIDE MONTH SPECIAL -- Stonewall
Russia's LGBT Community To Have First-Ever NYC Pride Float. Each June, the streets of New York City are flooded by a sea of glitter, beads, and boas. This is the city's famous gay-pride
Father's Day 2013. Fathers can be a hard bunch to read. Some of them stoic, who at times may be misunderstanding of your gay, bisexual or transgender
Judy Garland In Art. Also making their \Judy\ debut are \Glee\ Warbler Telly Leung, original Weather Girl Martha Wash and singer Madeleine Peyroux
Girl, 5, Collects Hundreds Of Dollars For Peace Selling Lemonade Outside Westboro Baptist Church. Click here if you are interested in donating to Jayden's Pink Lemonade Stand for Peace. So she painted a banner for the event
A Huge Small Step. Most readers won't know that the updated policies announced last week by the Social Security Administration (SSA) are among the most humane and important public policy advancements for transgender people during the Obama administration or even ever.
Russia's Gay Bill Won't Impact LGBT Olympians. With Russia recently passing their anti-gay gag ruling, it raised some questions concerning next year's Winter Olympic Games
Life After DOMA. The challenges LGBT people face in America won't simply dematerialize as we achieve each new policy objective. Passing good laws and enacting good policies is hard work, but changing culture is much harder.
AFER's Journey to the Day of Decision (VIDEO). How did we get here? It's been a long, winding road, starting with the passage of Prop 8 in 2008, and then the stunning announcement that David Boies and Ted Olson were teaming up to fight it, and then one victory after another, but still no resumption of marriage.
Living in DOMA's Shadow, Now Waiting Under the Bus for SCOTUS to Seal Our Fate. I spend too much time and money  on DOMA, my personal and community enemy since I met my wife in 2005. Because of DOMA, my life has been turned upside down, my pockets turned inside out, my future blurred. DOMA has made me do some things that no American should have to do.
The Gay Pride PSA That Will Never Air (VIDEO). The video is really a reminder that Gay Pride isn't simply about drink tickets, covers charges, and body image. As a matter of fact, for many in our LGBT family, the party atmosphere is downright life-threatening.
What a Riot. In honor of LGBT Pride Month, we wanted to take a little walk down LGBT history lane to explore the origins of Pride, and take a closer look at those electrifying evenings in June when the LGBT community decided to stop hiding and start fighting.
Dear Opponents of Marriage Equality. The next time you feel tempted to turn to pedophilia, polygamy, and bestiality as a go-to argument against marriage equality, I want you to repeat the words \two consenting adults\ to yourself 10 times, and then find another argument.
Parenting, Love and Loss (The Good Kind). I've lost my son, the child.  And I'm learning to parent my son, the adult. It's a different job, and a sign of success.
Prince Harry Saved Gay Soldier From Homophobic Attack In 2008. \u201cRight I\u2019m going to sort this sh*t out once and for all,\ Prince Harry told Wharton before climbing out of the tank to confront
Best Gay Videos Of The Week From GwistTV, Gay YouTube Channel. 2. Dykeotomy -- \How To Seduce Straight Girls\ Emily and Liz take a peek into the Lesbian Recruiting Handbook and give you
Jason Collins, Gay NBA Player, Marches In 2013 Boston Pride Parade With Joe Kennedy (VIDEO). Jason Collins' big year continues to get bigger and bigger. After the parade, Kennedy tweeted a photo of himself with Collins
Gay Man's Horrific Story. Blurry-eyed and fuzzy-headed, I woke up. I\u2019ve had exactly one hangover in my life, and this didn\u2019t feel like that. I was
Gay Porn. Does too much sex kill? Well, not directly, but the rash of deaths within the gay porn world seems to suggest otherwise. Recently, writer and friend Brett Edward Stout asked me, \Johnny, how did you survive?\ I was speechless. I had no answer. Why am I still here when my friends are not?
82-Year-Old Grandmother Rides To Raise Money For AIDS. In the spring of 1988, a son asked his sisters and mother to join him in the living room to talk. It was at that moment that
Bigotry, Biscuits and Gravy. I wonder what LGBT pride looks like in areas heavily influenced by religion, or areas so isolated from queer culture that the nearest gay bar is two hours away. These are questions that will take photographer Christian Hendricks below the Mason-Dixon Line for a six-week journey this August.
Three Reasons for Celebrating Pride. Though I cannot adequately apologize for the sloppy theology and biblical illiteracy inflicted on so many LGBT people, I can stand with others of faith and try to convey the experience and grace that God loves us more than we can possibly imagine.
Why Queers Should Care About Sex Offenders. The same methods historically used by the government to imprison and pathologize homosexuality and gender variation are being used today to justify the extreme marginalization, lifetime institutionalization, and oppression of people who have violated sex laws.
In the Dead Zone. Still clutching my wad of soggy Kleenex, I sit in the overflow ward of the emergency room while Patrick's body is prepared for the coroner. I stare silently at the row of vacant beds until the social worker returns. \Have you given any thought to the possibility of organ or tissue donation?\ he inquires.
Queer Historian Martin Duberman On Stonewall & His New Book. By 1969, Martin Duberman, one of the founding fathers of LGBT studies in the academy, had spent nearly two decades in reparative
People Love With Their Souls. Gender roles are a form of conformity. When we abide by or emulate them, we allow others to define the way we choose to express
7 Ways the U.S.A. Benefits From the Legalization of Gay Marriage. As two major Supreme Court decisions about same-sex marriage (Proposition 8 and DOMA) loom on the horizon, it's an opportune time to refocus attention on the many advantages associated with the pursuit and achievement of marriage equaility.
Gay Couples. Chris and Robin Jones have been together since 1992 and own a beautiful, two story home in a family-friendly neighborhood
Brandon Morgan, Gay U.S. Marine In Viral Kissing Photograph, Gets Engaged To Dalan Wells (VIDEO). Great news for the U.S. Marine caught in a passionate lip-lock with his boyfriend last year in the photo seen around the
Gay Chicago Couple Says A Kiss Got Them Kicked Out Of A Taxi Cab (VIDEO). \He indicated that it was a public mode of transportation and we shouldn\u2019t kiss in his cab,\u201d White recalled. \Rarely in my
LOOK. Do you know what each color of the rainbow flag represents? Did you know that the Stonewall Inn was owned by the Mob at the
Author Spotlight. I had the pleasure of meeting Brian Centrone last year at the Rainbow Book Fair in New York. He was friendly and witty, I was interested in learning more him. The publication of his new novel, An Ordinary Boy, proved just the opportunity.
Social Inclusion and Marriage Rights. The times call for a more expansive social imagination
Carolina Infant's Mistaken Sex Assignment Surgery More Than a Case of Malpractice. Born intersex, the child identified in court papers only as \M.C.\ had \ambiguous genitals\ and \both male and female reproductive organs.\ When he was 16 months old and a ward of the state, doctors and health officials in South Carolina decided that he would become a girl.
Gwist Recap. 1. Gwissues -- \Gay YouTube Rockstars\ Just how DO you become famous on the internet? Howard Bragman gets personal with top
Marriage Equality Stalls in Illinois. It seems the long road to full equality in \The Prairie State\ will continue to wind on, at least for now, as marriage equality supporters look ahead to both the veto session in the house and the current marriage lawsuit making its way through the Illinois court system brought by Lambda Legal and the ACLU.
The Dallas Principles, Four Years On. While the full declaration holds up well four years later, the proof of its value lies in the progress that has been made since Dallas. The trans community, remarkably, has made even greater progress over the past four years.
Taking a Stand Against Anti-Gay Bullying (VIDEO). During my first year in middle school, I experienced severe bullying. I was called terrible names that were quite hurtful. At that time, I had just realized that I'm gay, and the bullies used the word \gay\ as an insult. This made me feel like being gay was horrible.
'Mom, What's Gay?'. I cannot tell you how many times in any given week I end up stuck between a grownup concept and a kid who wants an explanation that he can understand. How do you explain the difference between family love and romantic love to a kindergartener?
Michael Lohan Blames Samantha Ronson For Lindsay's Problems. \Samantha got Lindsay at a very vulnerable time in her life,\ he continued, \when her mom and dad were going through a divorce
A Boy and His Dolls. I don't call my dancers \cheerleaders\ on my new scripted VH1 drama Hit the Floor.  They are dancers, thank you. They've got fierce outfits, more sequins than you could choke a gay horse with and gloriously long, flowing, braidable hair.  That's right
A Flag for a Fallen Soldier, but Not for Her Wife. I have a flag that I'm technically not allowed to have
'Real Lesbians React To Lesbian Porn' Is Davey Wavey's Latest Hilarious Video. (Warning
Eugene Lovendusky, LGBT Rights Activist, Attacked In Alleged Anti-Gay Hate Crime In NYC. A New York teen has been charged in an alleged attack on a local rights activist in what appears to be the latest in spate
How Sexual Stigma Is Undermining HIV Treatment On American Indian Reservations. A Navajo reservation on the Arizona-New Mexico border has seen its HIV diagnoses go up by 20 percent since 2011. Despite
I'm Gay, I'm Angry, and I Made a Dirty Music Video (NSFW -- GRAPHIC IMAGERY). The decision was mine to include full-frontal male nudity. If you are a sensitive soul, you have been warned
Gwist Recap. 1. The Spousal Equivalent Game
Marine Corps Recruit Letter Claims Boot Camp Instructors Hurl Anti-Gay Slurs, Call Recruits 'Faggots'. \We've received reports from out members of words, actions and treatment that certainly falls short of what the president
Dating Married Men As A Gay Man. I Hid In The Closet For 13 Years Of Marriage The truth is, married men have too much baggage and too many rules! Some gay
Linda Harvey Backs Companies That Fire Openly Gay Employees To Uphold 'Moral Standards' (AUDIO). Do gay employees deserve to be fired for lowering the \moral standards\ of employers? \Kids should not be put in the confusing
Landry Jones, Steelers Quarterback, Talks About Gay Athletes, Religion. When I approached Pittsburgh Steelers rookie quarterback Landry Jones for my short interview at the NFLPA Rookie Premiere
Jinkx Monsoon Talks 'Drag Race' And Underwear. \I just thought I would be too much of an acquired taste for people, just a little bit too kooky for your average Drag Race
Move Over, Gaybros. My appearance borders on high femme, yet I too am guilty of being a lezbro
Daniel Radcliffe Talks Gay Sex Scene In 'Kill Your Darlings'. In \Kill your Darlings,\ slated for release later this year, Daniel Radcliffe plays Allen Ginsberg, who befriends writers
Public Protests and Pride Parades. One of the defining characteristics of the LGBT community is our resilience and refusal to accept oppression.  We're also known for our capacity, as a community, to put on a grand party when the situation demands it.
Kaitlyn Hunt, Florida Teen, Faces Felony Charges Over Same-Sex Relationship (UPDATED). \If this was an 18-year-old male and that was a 14-year-old girl, it would have been prosecuted the same way,\ Loar said
I'm A Trans Woman And I'm Not Interested In Being One Of The 'Good Ones'. A month or two after I started living full time out as woman, one of my friends suggested I talk to an acquaintance of his
UFC's Nate Diaz Suspended For Calling Another Fighter 'Biggest Fag In The World'. Diaz's tweet, which appears to have been deleted, read, \I feel bad for pat Healy they took a innocent mans money and I think
Love More, Fear Less. It was a primal scream that went right through me and sent distress signals to my heart. My beautiful 4-year-old daughter stood up in the bathtub as though she were possessed. \Mommy, I'm supposed to be a boy. God made a mistake!\ she screamed through heaving tears.
Mary Lambert, Singer Featured On Macklemore's 'Same Love,' Talks Songwriting, Lesbians, Vulnerability. \I'm not going to be Melissa Etheridge,\ Lambert said, laughing. \But she's a goddess!\ \When I came out, I said, 'I'm going
Gwist Recap. (Warning
Kurt Loder Talks Sebastian Bach's Controversial AIDS T-Shirt, Gay Marriage. Watch the full segment on HuffPost Live. MTV veteran Kurt Loder recalled an infamous 1989 controversy involving Skid Row
New York Man Fatally Shot In Alleged Anti-Gay Hate Crime. As NBC is reporting, local law enforcement officials are investigating the case as a hate crime after learning the suspect
I Want to Be Safe in NYC But I Feel Like a Monster. Over her french fries and diet Coke a 5-year-old girl saw me become a monster and learned what hate was. When my wife kisses me goodbye in front of my office in midtown, I feel that little girl's stare over and over, but aged 30 years.
Mother's Day 2013. Of course, our moms are -- and have always been -- special. \She has truly shown me unconditional love in that she supports
Lincoln Chafee, Rhode Island Governor, Talks GOP's Stance On Gay Marriage, Immigration. \u201cFrom the old days, of when in the '50s and Eisenhower, and '60s and Rockefeller, the Republican Party stood for, \u2018Take care
Heroin Epidemic. I lost my girlfriend to an epidemic I didn't know existed. How could this happen? I have attempted to block out a particular
Russian Gay Man's Death Fuels Fears Of Rising Homophobia. This entry has expired
Weeklings!. Great moms are the backbone of the gay community, and in this edition of Weeklings!, I'm offering help to moms whose sons have just come out to them. What should Mom say when her kid says he's gay?
'Gay Marriage' and 'Marriage Equality' -- Both Terms Matter. When I started the Facebook page \Gay Marriage USA\ in 2011 there was a very conscious decision made on my part to include the words \gay marriage\ in the title.
Happy Mother's Day, Your Daughter's Gay. My relationship with my mother has evolved over the last few decades. We have grown close to grow apart again to become best
Why ENDA Matters to the Trans Community. Those who oppose ENDA or oppose transgender inclusion in it ask why we need it when 84 percent of U.S. companies include gender identity in their equal opportunity statements. The short answer is that what we have in place is not preventing discrimination against transgender people.
A Mother's Love Redefined. I look back on how I used to define love. I realize that without this amazing experience with my transgender son, I would not have recognized the different ways that love could be expressed.  Risking the unknown, our family has been able to create a richer life.
Gwist Recap. 1. The Spousal Equivalent Game with Judy Gold Judy Gold hosts The Spousal Equivalent Game, the \married\ couples gameshow
Messiah College Students Slam Josh Ritter For Calling Christian School Anti-Gay. \I love Messiah, and I love my faith, but I also believe that everyone has the right to love who they love and to be with
Bryan Fischer, Anti-Gay Spokesman, Refuses To Talk About 'Gay Impulses' During Radio Interview (AUDIO). Fischer's condemnation of the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) community often hinges on his stated belief that
Aunt Barbara Suggests Which Tupperware Would Be Perfect For Celebrity Mothers. Ali Wentworth, host of Yahoo's \The Daily Shot,\ gets some tips from drag queen Tupperware expert, Aunt Barbara. In honor
Sam Harris At 54 Below. The singer, who has long been dedicated to fighting for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) equality, now seems
Roller Derby Provides a Model for Pro Sports in Accepting Openly Gay Men. Even before NBA player Jason Collins came out as gay, the lack of out gay men in pro sports was a major theme in the media. But at other levels -- high school, college, recreational, amateur --there are plenty of gay men in team sports. One such sport is roller derby.
Liza Minnelli Joins NOH8 Campaign (PHOTO). \Here's what I believe...no shame, no blame, no guilt,\ the Emmy, Grammy, Oscar and Tony-winning star said in an email statement
Josh Ritter Defends Gay Rights At Messiah College Performance In Pennsylvania. In 2011, Messiah College's \Community Covenant\ made headlines when an openly gay student opted to transfer out of the school
2Fik. Identity, feminism, integration and immigration stand as fundamental elements in 2Fik\u2019s work, paralleling his multicultural
The Day My Wife Came Out to Me... And Then I Came Out to Her. Life sometimes presents the strangest coincidences. What are the odds of a husband and wife both realizing they're gay at the same time without even talking to each other about it?
RuPaul's Prom Picture Shows Drag Queen Had It Going On Even In High School. We don't know about you, but there are few things we love more in this world than getting a glimpse of some of our favorite
Gwist Recap. 4. Funny Fruits -- \More Judy Gold\ The hilarious Judy Gold returns for another episode of Funny Fruits and talks about her
Leaving Hell. \Who am I?\ This is a question that the past me could never answer. For anyone living in homophobic hell, aka Jamaica, it is hard to physically, verbally or mentally express, \I am gay.\ Jamaicans, for no apparent reason, or because of their \Christian values,\ shun homosexuality.
Jason Collins Is The Envy Of Straight Men Everywhere. If Collins does play in the NBA next year, I\u2019m sure certain teammates might feel threatened by his presence in the locker
What I Learned About Marriage From My Grandma and Grandpa, Who've Been Married 70 Years. They believe that their grandson has a right to his 70 years. But with each day that my husband and I are denied the immediate comprehension and understanding that the word \marriage\ provides, it's unlikely that we'll be able to break their record.
'My Best Gay Friends,' Vietnam YouTube Sitcom, Becomes Internet Smash. This entry has expired
Remembering the Victims of Gay Hate Crimes Until Justice Comes. Had Ryan Keith Skipper (1981-2007) not been murdered in one of the most heinous anti-gay hate crimes in the history of Florida, he would be celebrating his 32nd birthday today.
Manvendra Singh Gohil. Prince Manvendra talks about what it was like to come out in India -- and about everything that has followed
Spring Break. We told you about Kacey Frierson and Chwanda Nixon in our February Love Issue. With seven children in total, they have a
The Aftermath of Legalizing Gay Marriage in South Africa (Yes, America, This Will Happen to You). In the last few days, New Zealand and France became the 13th and 14th countries to legalize gay marriage, respectively. My home country, South Africa, legalized it in 2006, becoming the first African country to do so. It happened to South Africa, and it will happen to you. Ready?
Expecting More. Roxxxy Andrews claimed, to both Jinkx Monsoon and Alaska, that being a funny queen means you're mocking and disrespecting the art of drag. What Roxxxy doesn't realize is that by attacking the season's two funniest queens, she's attacking RuPaul.
Gwist Recap. (Warning
StudentsFirst Selects Author of Tennessee's 'Don't Say Gay' Bill as 'Reformer of the Year'. I guess it's enough that the only kids John Ragan supposedly stands up for are the heterosexual kids. The latest version would have forced select Tennessee school officials to notify parents of children who privately discussed their sexual orientation, essentially dictating forced \outing\ of kids.
Gwissues. Famous for taking home gold medals in diving at the 1984 and 1988 Olympics, Louganis is back in the spotlight as the Dive Master on ABC's celebrity diving competition show SPLASH. Here he opens up about coming out as a professional athlete and the fight against HIV.
Hella Coachella. What did he expect? Nubian slaves waving ostrich feather fans above an open bar? Maybe it was just the Manhattan effect, that inexplicable yearning for Alice Tully Hall.
France's Gay Marriage Legislation. This entry has expired
France's Gay Marriage Proposal Prompts Last-Ditch Opposition Protests. This entry has expired
The Pansy Project Is Paul Harfleet's Way To Beautifully Memorialize Incidents Of Homophobia. How can others get involved? Others can get involved by offering locations for me to plant in. I'm currently planning to
Gwist Recap. (Warning
This Week In Gay History April 14 - 20. April 14, 1865 \u2013 President Lincoln is shot and mortally wounded by John Wilkes Booth while attending the comedy \u201cOur American
Ellen DeGeneres On TIME Magazine. Few careers have seen the extreme highs and lows that Ellen DeGeneres' has. The talk-show host and comedian is veritably
Fear and Misinformation. Meningitis is a communicable disease. So is fear. Let's be rational and work to stop the one, without spreading the other.
As France Prepares for Marriage Equality, Opponents Warn of Civil Strife. The French people strongly endorse same-sex marriage, and support for the right of married gay and lesbian couples to adopt children sits just shy of 50 percent. But the push for equality in France has an ugly underbelly.
Intersex. Crixs Haligowski was giving birth in a midwife clinic in rural Philippines, when he first learned of intersex people. The
A Young Filmmaker Takes on the Struggle for Gay Rights. Harjant's parents were deeply disturbed by the news, and initially tried to \change\ his mind. He says that in India, the subject of homosexuality was so repressed at the time that there were hardly any words to define it.
In Conversation With The Violet Quill. In November 1980, New York\u2019s SoHo Weekly News tagged a cover story Fag Lit\u2019s New Royalty, referring to Andrew Holleran, Felice
How Children Could Help Win The Fight For Gay Marriage. But Justice Anthony Kennedy indicated to Charles Cooper, Prop 8\u2019s defender before the court, that those with gay parents
'Gays in the Family'. All the \ex-gay\ speakers had traumatic childhood experiences to which they attribute the cause of their \same-sex attractions,\ most of them having been sexually abused. Lives of drug use, prostitution and promiscuity were presented as the norm for LGBT people.
Raised by Lesbians and I Feel Fine. I was raised by two women and I am fine, perhaps even better for it, as I had the unique advantage of learning how to be a man from women, and how to be a man who loves women in a world of so much female-oriented hatred.
'Accept' and 'Tolerate' My Gay Kid? That's Not Good Enough. With politicians there is a lot talk of \acceptance\ and \tolerance\ when it comes to homosexuality. I accept the fact that I have to pay taxes. I tolerate the fact that I have to go to the dentist. Why should either of those words apply to how a parent feels about their child?
Innovative New Coloring Book Says 'Being Gay Is Okay'. This new coloring book from St. Louis-based Really Big Coloring Books is a creative approach to the topic of LGBT rights
Gwist Recap. 3. The Randy Rainbow Show -- \Randy Pimps for Gwist\ It's your favorite gay boy scout, here to sing the Gay Recruiting Song
Family Research Council Defends Republican's Outdated Propaganda Against LGBT Community. For the record, Dave Agema was not debating. He was spreading lies and distortions derived from bad sources.  With free speech comes responsibilities and the main responsibility is the hope that one doesn't use his or her free speech to spread lies and deceptions.
Perez Hilton And Other Gay Super Dads. Controversial celebrity blogger Perez Hilton made an important announcement of his own on Twitter recently
Bill Thompson on Yetta Kurland LIVE!. This week, I spoke to mayoral candidate Bill Thompson about ending pay-to-play, paid sick leave, affordable housing and a
Snoop Lion Talks Homosexuality In Rap Music, Frank Ocean's Coming Out. The artist formerly known as Snoop Dogg tells NME he doesn't think homosexuality will ever be fully acceptable in rap music
Bryan Fischer Of The American Family Association Advises Mother To Leave Gay-Friendly Church. The American Family Association's Bryan Fischer minced no words when asked about his stance on gay-friendly churches. Fischer
Starting Over at 62. For the duration of our relationship, Patrick and I had no siblings, parents, or offspring; we were each other's only family. And I grew up as an only child. Now I am starting over at the age of 62. I will feel this, all of it.
Gay Marriage Support Grows In All 50 States Over Eight Years. Meanwhile, a LifeWay Research study released in March found that nearly two-thirds of Americans believe legalized same-sex
Jeremy Irons Responds To Gay Marriage Controversy After HuffPost Live Remarks. \I am clearly aware that many gay relationships are more long term, responsible and even healthier in their role of raising
Gay Icons. From torch songs to club bangers to advocacy to empowerment to glamor that's out of this world, great divas have affected the gay community in any number of ways ever since Judy Garland sang about somewhere over the rainbow.
Gwist Recap. Gwist is a brand new YouTube channel that brings together videos of interest to the lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and
Leaning In and Coming Out. I came to understand I was uniquely positioned to make a contribution (as are all gay people in these historic times) because I appreciated the unique gift of being born gay.  I always \leaned in\ by coming out and staying out.
Hollywood's History Of Putting Gay Rights On Trial. With the Supreme Court hearing arguments this week on same-sex marriage, I'd like to point out a parallel evolution in what
Transgender Day of Visibility vs. Arizona's 'Bathroom Bill'. Today is not only Easter for those of faith but also Transgender Day of Visibility, a day of positive reflection for the trans community. But many trans people prefer to remain in the shadows, and Arizona's \bathroom bill\ will not not do anything to help them feel more welcomed in society.
A Heart-to-Heart With the LGBTQ Community. My immigrant experience can never be divided from my queer experience. What I love about the LGBTQ community is our diversity of experiences, and our stories, but the different ways that discrimination touches our lives creates a special challenge for leaders in our movement.
The Day My Boss Came Out For Gay Marriage. Sen. Russ Feingold's statement in Paddock Lake occurred the same year as a vote by the citizens of Wisconsin to change the state constitution to define marriage strictly as between a man and a woman. That November the change would easily be passed in Wisconsin to no one's surprise.
Marie Osmond Talks Gay Marriage, Lesbian Daughter Jessica In New Interview. As for same-sex marriage, Osmond noted, \I believe in [my daughter's] civil rights, as a mother. I think that my daughter
Amsterdam To Fly Gay Rainbow Flag During Russian President Vladimir Putin's Visit. Such laws would would make it illegal nationwide to provide minors with information that is defined as \propaganda of sodomy
Howard Ashman Remembered. The first week of November 1989, filmmakers and executives from the Walt Disney Company gathered in a crowded room in Disney
Hot Guys With Guns and Sexy Lesbian Vampires Highlight Fusion LGBT People of Color Film Festival (VIDEO). Some of the highlights included the soon-to-be-released action comedy Hot Guys With Guns and The DL Chronicles. This year's Fusion Achievement Award went to writer-director Angela Robinson, the first out lesbian to direct a Disney family comedy.
Why We Need Gaybros. Reddit's Gaybros subsection pivots around a community with interests that you'd expect to find among frat boys. But beyond the funny name lies a very deep, substantive and complex community. And although it may be frat-inspired, it is not exclusive to a particular type of guy.
Grace Under Fire. On Thursday morning I received a message from a college friend, who wrote, \I hope you know, that even though we have different perspectives on this issue, I still love you.\ I was excited to hear from her but saddened and angered by her response. How should I respond? I wondered.
Spotlight on Isis King. I have reached out and talked to someone whom I admire and who can share with us firsthand the experience of being transgender. Her name is Isis King, and she was the first-ever transgender contestant on America's Next Top Model.
Lady in Red. As the Supreme Court heard oral arguments in the cases challenging Prop 8 and DOMA social media outlets were covered in red in support of marriage equality. Meet the talent behind the red
Meningitis Vaccine Recommendation. How, if at all, should we reconcile the dictates of public health policy with the social, cultural and political concerns and sensitivities of specific populations? Another way of putting this is to ask whether the DOH recommendations are \good for the gays.\
Hey, Supreme Court Justices, Same-Gender Marriages Are Not Experiments!. Forty years ago I came out as lesbian and discovered Metropolitan Community Church (MCC).  I met couples who had been together for 40 or 50 years who had lived through difficult times of government intrusion on personal privacy.
For Israeli Gays, It's Not About The Ring. A refugee lawyer, a transgender specialist, and six other people sit in a circle in an empty classroom on the second floor
Before The Supreme Court Considers Gay Marriage, An American Change Of Heart. One factor the gay rights movement has on its side is that there are few, if any, recent examples of public figures moving
Acknowledging Faith Voices Crucial for LGBT Civil Rights. We often confuse those who speak from lofty perches as having earned the authority to speak for the many, when in fact they were probably just the first to grab the microphone.
Gwist Recap. 3. Beauty Pageant -- \Miss Richfield 1981\ Want to be a Beauty Queen, but can't quite overcome your mannish tendencies? Allow
Hollywood's Depiction of Gay Characters. Not every gay character needs to be defined by his or her sexuality. Can't being gay just be one stitch in the fabric of someone's life?  In movies, can't we depict men and women who just so happen to be gay -- perhaps a lawyer or soldier or business executive or scientist or engineer?
Dear Bravo, The Lesbians Are Pissed. In the Tuesday, March 19, episode of The Millionaire Matchmaker, Patti Stanger was charged with matching her first lesbian, Khristianne Uy, aka Chef K. Bravo had the opportunity to showcase a real lesbian courtship and matchmaking and completely dropped the ball.
Hitler's Doctor and Anti-Gay Bigotry. Most of us have run into anti-gay bigots who absolutely insist they have many gay friends -- though many choke on the word
Steven Simpson, Gay British Teen, Dies After Being Set On Fire At Birthday Party. The BBC reports that 20-year-old Jordan Sheard has been sentenced to three and a half years in jail for the death of Steven
Death Of Lucy Meadows, British Transgender Teacher, Scrutinized As New Details Emerge. A petition calling for Littlejohn to be fired from the Daily Mail has since been launched, pointing to an earlier article
Immigration Reform Is an LGBT Issue. There are at least 267,000 undocumented LGBT people in this country who support this economy and contribute to their communities but must live under the specter of deportation, so crafting a workable and humane immigration policy is something in which the LGBT community has a stake.
Madonna Dresses As Boy Scout, Slams Organization's Gay Ban And Honors Anderson Cooper (VIDEO). The suggestion came at the beginning of an over 10-minute speech that served as both an inspirational call to arms to see
Anderson Cooper Honored By GLAAD At 24th Annual Media Awards In New York. The Boston Globe, Rolling Stone magazine, City Pages' Andy Mannix, The New York Times' Frank Bruni and The Advocate/Out were
Gwist Recap. Gwist is a brand new YouTube channel that brings together videos of interest to the lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and
I'm Getting Married. Yep, it's really happening. In less than three weeks I'll be officially hitched, with the blessing of District of Columbia law, to my man, the great and wonderful David Blank.
Sen. Rob Portman Makes 'Brave' Decision -- Once It Directly Affects His Family. While I would like to say that it makes me happy to have the first Republican senator come out in support of marriage equality, I am having a difficult time getting past the whole \I need this EXACT situation to affect me PERSONALLY before I can do anything\ mentality that seems to persist in the halls of Congress.
Rhode Island's Dangerous Dance on the Anti-Gay Cliff. For nearly 50 years now, this country has firmly held onto the belief that for-profit entities cannot discriminate against protected classes in ordinary commercial transactions. That principle must not now be undermined.
What Happened When Children Were To Blame For A Hate Crime. Even children in this city act first because they risk being targeted themselves. But aggression turns to hate when action supercedes rationalization, analysis, and compassion. Knowing that, we must respond to hate with what it lacks
Gay Children And Sex Talk. \u201cYes you are. Virgin!\u201d she said rudely. I was in fifth grade. I boarded the school bus and a sixth grade girl asked me if
When Did the Southern Baptists Become Libertarian?. In a rather typical fit of hyperbole, Rev. Richard Land of the Southern Baptist Convention took some new swipes at the LGBT community. When it comes to Land's morality, there is no \live and let live philosophy\ in operation.
Queen Elizabeth Gay Rights. Helen Lewis of the NewStatesman notes that Queen Elizabeth likely didn't write this charter or have a say in its wording
Westfield Galleria Mall Group Stages Kiss-In After Gay Couple Removed For Kissing, Holding Hands. Staking a claim for diverse public displays of affection, approximately 250 lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT
Gay Marriage Costs. Corporate America joins the fight to overturn the law that bans same-sex marriage. Every day that passes, we seem to be one
'Harlem Shake' Goes Anti-Gay With Bizarre Clip Produced By Jamaica's Love March Movement. The \Harlem Shake\ phenomenon continues at full-force across the globe, but one of the latest videos to emerge from the trend
Meeting Sam's Teachers. As I shake the science instructor's calloused hand I hope he really understands. Did he take it to heart when I described how gut wrenching it is for Sam to hear the words, \Pick a lab partner\? How hard it is to be put in that position? The odd man out because nobody wants to be paired with that kid who \...used to be a girl.\
Charlie White's 'Teen And Transgender Comparative Study' Pairs Girls And Trans Women. \I was working on a larger, ongoing project titled 'Girl Studies' at the time,\ White, who is based on Los Angeles, told
The Gayest Buildings In America. Many of the places important to American lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender history were established in secrecy and, unless
Bee Venom Kills HIV. This study comes on the heels of news that a Mississippi baby with HIV has apparently been cured. The mother was diagnosed
10 Things I Learned Being Married to a Drag Queen. When Jeff decided three and a half years ago to start performing in drag I never thought there would be so much to learn as a drag husband. It's not like there is a manual. There really should be.
23 Inspiring Women Who Are Blazing Trails for the LGBT Community. From Liz Carmouche to Laverne Cox to Cynthia Nixton to Wanda Sykes, there are countless visible queer women who are painting the world with their bravery, boldness and tenacity. These are some of the ones who have been the most inspiring for me.
A First Step for Maryland's Gender Identity Anti-Discrimination Act. Testimony in support of the Fairness for All Marylanders Act was heard from over 40 proponents and about a dozen opponents in the Senate Judicial Proceedings Committee. I left with the feeling that the legislators realized that the time had come to finish this civil rights job.
From Anita Bryant to Today. The latest episode of Critical Thinking Hosted by Waymon Hudson focuses on the anti-gay myth that has been blocking LGBT equality progress for decades
Gwissues. In the latest episode, I and guest panelists Jim Smith (program manager of Dignity USA), Mike Moroski (equal rights activist) and Brent Childers (executive director of Faith in America) discuss hopes for a new, reformed pope and how Catholicism plays a role within the LGBT community.
Scott Fujita, Cleveland Browns Linebacker, Says Gay Players Would Be Welcome In The NFL. As for recent reports that NFL prospects were being asked if they are interested in women, Fujita added
Why I'm Not Buying This Newest, 'Gayest' Ad. Last week, Amazon launched a new ad for their Kindle Paperwhite and proved \equality marketing\ is very, very real. And it worked. The LGBT blogs loved it, individual allies were promising all over social media to snap up a Kindle just to promote inclusivity.
Gay Couples Can Receive Tax Credit For Adopting Children. Same-sex couples can get nearly $13K for second-parent adoption, but are still denied other benefits. While legally wed same
Felicia Rivera, Lesbian Teen, Claims Yearbook Discrimination After Photo With Girlfriend Pulled (VIDEO). The teen's father, Felix Rivera, says that's just not true. In a similar instance in March 2012, students in Colorado accused
The Boy Scouts of America. The Boy Scouts of America's position on GBTQ scouts is unquestionably discriminatory, and its hesitancy to swiftly remove its ban dishonors the organization's goal and philosophy
Academy Awards 2013. From \Best Supporting Actress\ to \Best Adapted Screenplay,\ some of Hollywood's A-listers and even the most obscure films
Staceyann Chin Interview Reveals Lesbian Poet's Views On Homophobia, Jamaica, Motherhood. The conversation has to turn from the kind of sex we have to what kind of families we create. We don\u2019t talk about straight
Confessions of an HIV-Positive Total Bottom. I don't support marriage equality simply for other people. I want to walk down the aisle one day. But in the community in which I live, Palm Springs, Calif., I find that there is an immense shortage of single, available, poz-friendly, sober-friendly total tops.
Gay Marriage Support. One Catholic school administrator lost his job. Would you sacrifice yours? Mike Moroski, 12-year teaching veteran at Purcell
AIDS Activism Has Always Meant Caring Across Generations. How bitterly ironic it would be if the first generation of HIV-positive seniors, a generation that, through unprecedented community effort, has managed to survive the plague, should in their last years fall victim to a system that is utterly unprepared to care for them.
Drag Brunch Protest Defused As Drag Queen, Catholic Priest Reach An Understanding. \It was just a beautiful thing\ Baker agreed. Fratz also recalled his childhood, and thought of the longstanding conflict
Weeklings!. I take you back in Academy Awards history through the gayest achievements in film. Everyone from Scarlett O'Hara to Harvey Milk comes up. I go everywhere. So strap on your gigantic pantaloons, Katharine Hepburn, because we have a lot of ground to cover.
A Gay Dad's Open Letter to Laura Bush on Quitting the Gay Marriage Ad. In 2010, you appeared on Larry King. It was during that interview that you endorsed families such as mine, and to be honest, it was my turn to be shocked. The cynical side of me wanted to say that it was \too little, too late,\ but mostly, I was warmly gratified.  Now, you seem to want to pull it back.
Is Grindr a Slot Machine in My Pocket?. The metaphor of gambling is frequently used to describe love and sex, and Grindr can have the feel of a slot machine -- the signature ding-ding-dings of Vegas replaced by the buh-da-dump notification alert for cached messages.
Why I Like Purim as a Queer, Secular Jew. Being queer and being Jewish aren't the same, but Esther's courageous decision to reveal a part of her identity, despite the fact that it may not be well-received, is something many LGBTQ people can relate to.
Out-of-the-Closet Reflections. A year ago I thought that disclosing my sexuality would aid in the healing from my eating disorder and my compulsive exercising. However, looking back, I realize that I was looking at my sexuality all wrong.
Robbie Rogers' Coming Out Doesn't Mean He Should Quit Pro Soccer. If soccer really gave him such incredible joy, there is no reason that he can't discover himself while still on the team. Presumably, they will allow him to visit gay bars and join LGBT political organizations after practice is over, so I don't really see the conflict.
How Beyonc\u00e9 and Rihanna Saved an African Gay Rights Activist's Life. Ellen Chademana was in the worst place you could be in her home country of Zimbabwe
Let's Get Vulnerable, Baby!. In always amazes me how often we are afraid to be vulnerable. I am guilty of this as well; expressing my own personal truths on national television brought up the fear that I might be judged or misunderstood. But every night I am so proud of our callers' honesty.
10 Things I Wish I'd Known When I Started My Transition. Two years and 4,860 pills later, I now realize how little I actually understood about transitioning back in February 2011. There were so many aspects of transitioning and being treated like a woman in society that I was totally unprepared for.
Subway Franchise In France Limits Valentine's Day Special To Heterosexual Couples Only, Promptly Closes. \Discrimination
How This Sonogram Changed Our Life. We were told that of all the families presented to her, this young mother chose us.  She said that the baby would be her Christmas gift to us.  And attached to that same email was the ultrasound she had done the day before. All I could do was stare.
One Congregation's Unique Stand On Gay Marriage. Books stacked up to the rafters line the perimeter of Rev. Gail Marriner\u2019s study. \u201cIt\u2019s an occupational hazard,\u201d she says
Lucas Silveira, Canadian Transgender Singer Of The Cliks, Hits Brooklyn's Branded Saloon For Intimate Show. Check out the cover of \Black Tie Elevator\ below, then scroll down to keep reading
Where Will Your Yellow Brick Road Take You?. I remember this guy who snapped at me in a crowded Castro bar. I felt sad for him -- sad for all of us. We were a community, weren't we? If we couldn't get along in a gay bar in the gayest neighborhood in the gayest city in North America, I thought, then where could we get along?
Azealia Banks, Intersectionality and How Her Word Reclaiming Isn't Possible. I'm well aware of the misogyny and homophobia of hip-hop as a whole and the fact that Azealia's male counterparts say similar things on wax and outside the studio, but I'm specifically irritated and baffled by Azealia's ignorance, behavior and theories because she's a black bisexual woman.
Gwissues. In his first interview since shedding 45 pounds, Bono shares with me how he feels about his remarkable weight-loss journey, as well as his passion for acting and his quest to find true love.
Westboro Baptist Church Claims Christians Are To Blame For 'Fag Marriage' (VIDEO). By vilifying the Westboro Baptist Church members Drain goes on to enumerate several of the way that Christians have apparently
Boehner's Silence Speaks Volumes to Me. By refusing to acknowledge us as legally married, Speaker Boehner -- and those defending DOMA -- demean not only our marriage but the remarkable sacrifice made by my wife, who gave nearly a decade of her life to active-duty military service to the country she loves so dearly.
Isis King, Transgender Model And Designer, Debuts Collection At NYC Fashion Week. \America's Next Top Model\ star Isis King took New York Fashion Week by storm this week, presenting her \Goldest Winter Ever
Accidental Bear Drag. There is still so much emphasis on what a \real\ man is supposed to be or act like. I thought this would be a great opportunity to play with others' perceptions of me as being \hunky\ or \masculine.\ What would they think of me in thigh-high stiletto boots and a wig?
Liza Minnelli, Alan Cumming To Play NYC's Town Hall After 'Cabaret' Legend's Birthday. Though the first show is already sold out, tickets for the March 14 show go on sale Feb. 11 at 9 a.m. Details here. Check
Fox News Doesn't Know Equality When It Looks It in the Face. In what can only be viewed as taking \fair and balanced reporting\ to new lows, Fox News featured an image of a \traditional\ couple on its article bashing feminism and a woman's right to independence.
Soldier Dies Of Breast Cancer, But Her Widow Won\u2019t Get Benefits. Charlie Morgan didn\u2019t get her last wish. Read more on The Washington Post
Navy Couple Recounts Tough Decisions. Reserve recruiters dream of people like Morgan Wade walking into their office. She had a sterling service record, was on
Debunking the Boy Scouts of America's Homophobic Logic. The decision to allow openly gay scouts, or at least to allow local councils to allow gay scouts, shouldn't be a hard one. Ultimately, the BSA's own justifications for its anti-gay policy simply don't hold water. Here's a step-by-step breakdown.
New York Gays vs. Los Angeles Gays. For years the fine, upstanding residents of both hamlets have fought over which city is better to live in if you're gay. It's one of life's greatest mysteries, unanswered by the greatest minds... until now. I believe it's time to put this fight to bed.
Let LGBT Groups March in Little Saigon 'Tet' Parade!. Whether the parade organizers and their supporters want to admit it, the Vietnamese population includes LGBT people.  We deserve our place in the Tet parade just like Vietnamese lawyers, student clubs and dance troupes.
Boy Scouts Gay Ban Controversy Highlights Growing Tug-Of-War Between Right And Left. But some corporate-image experts disagree, saying a prolonged conversation like this could be damaging. While he would not
Bring Your Authentic Self to Work. When it came time to enter the professional world of corporate internships, I checked my sexuality at the door. Fear gripped me. Didn't I have enough to worry about as a young liberal arts major trying to compete in the world of New York big business? Why come out?
The Devotion Project. What started out as one short film about a 54-year love story between two men became a series of 10-minute documentary portraits telling six diverse stories of LGBTQ love -- love that's missing from the landscape of stereotypes, comic relief and victims.
Super Bowl Writer On Saying Thanks To Brendon Ayanbadejo. Eight days before the gayest Super Bowl week on record, I walked toward the Baltimore Ravens' locker room in New England
Gay Marriage Options Prompt Some Long-Term Couples To Split. Despite the joy surrounding the legalization of gay marriage, one sobering statistic remains. On Nov. 6, 2012, Maine became
Richard Hodo, Arkansas Restaurant Owner, Compares Gay Group To KKK Before Canceling Event. Members of an Arkansas-based lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) rights group are outraged after a local restaurateur
Mary McAngus, Ohio Mayor, Allegedly Called Gay Officer 'Queer,' Tried To Get Him Fired. As The Columbus Dispatch is reporting, Pomeroy Officer Kyle Calendine says Mayor Mary McAngus has used the word \queer,\ among
Weeklings!. In this edition of Weeklings! I tell you what to expect from the Grammys -- and what you should fear most. I don't mean to scare you too much right off the bat, but -- spoiler alert! -- Lady Antebellum comes up twice.
Vietnamese Lunar New Year. The racism, Vietnamese Americans have been quite vocal about; the homophobia, Vietnamese Americans have remained largely silent on.  I think, though, that these two are interlinked.  And if we don't begin to address this fact, the new year will not be so new.
Matt Moore, 'Ex-Gay' Activist Caught on Grindr, Owes an Apology to LGBT Youth. By propagating the dangerous and discredited \ex-gay\ myth through his writings and activism, Moore has legitimized a culture of religion-based bigotry that causes many vulnerable LGBT youth to experience depression and anxiety, abuse drugs and attempt suicide.
Gay Guide to Super Bowl XLVII. As a public service to those who know that the Super Bowl is being played but wonder what all the fuss is about, here is Outsports' annual \Super Bowl for the Clueless,\ the gay guide to the big game.
Elderly Chinese Gay Couple Have Wedding Ceremony, Post Pictures Online (PHOTOS). Scroll down to the slideshow below for more pictures of the brave couple. When the two announced their love on Weibo over
My Partner Came Out As Trans While I Was Pregnant. A lot of stories about notable trans people usually have one line about how their supportive partners stayed by their sides
Out Magazine Reveals Annual Love Issue Portfolio. Out magazine has revealed the couples and families featured in their February 2013 Love Issue. Read more on www.out.com
Sal Albanese, Staceyann Chin and Antonino D'Ambrosio, and The People's Recovery Summit on Yetta Kurland LIVE!. This week, NYC mayoral candidate Sal Albanese talked to me about why he's running, how things have changed since the '90s and how it should change in the next four years.
Will Desire To Gain Voters Prompt Iowa GOP To Change Course On Gay Marriage?. West Des Moines Patch
The Question You Should Never Ask a Lesbian Mom. \Who's the real mother?\ I have been asked that question many times -- too many times. But this time was different. I was at a doctor's office, and my son was standing next to me and knew exactly what the nurse was asking.
Memo to Chris Culliver. In all likelihood Chris Culliver has already played alongside a homosexual teammate. He might even be suiting up with one this Sunday, when his 49ers take on the Baltimore Ravens in The Super Bowl.
'In Living Color' Star Kim Coles Discusses LGBT In The Black Community (VIDEO). Fox primetime legend Kim Coles from \In Living Color\ and \Living Single\ came on HuffPost Live Thursday to discuss her new
A 'Frank' Lesson in American (Minority) Politics. If Americans think of representation of minority interests in politics as a mathematical equation, rather than a continual effort endemic to realizing the promise of American democracy, we, as a country, will likely never see the day that \all (wo)men are created equal.\
French Parliament Backs Main Clause In Gay Marriage Law. In Paris, around a thousand people holding placards saying \We are all born of a man and a woman\ gathered near the Invalides
Gay Men And Body Image. Bad body image is not a plight reserved for heterosexual women. \I am so sick of my body. I lift weights every day; I eat
Jacob Rudolph, Teen Who Came Out In Awards Speech, On Why He Identifies As LGBT. He added, \I think that putting it in a more general term like LGBT is extraordinarily appropriate, even though I'm not a
Boy Scout Group Drops Gay-Inclusive Non-Discrimination Pledge After Threats. Among those to condemn the NCAC's threats was Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation (GLAAD) President Herndon Graddick
40 Years of Roe v. Wade, Doctors of the World and Airswimming on Yetta Kurland LIVE!. This week I spoke to Sasha Ahuja of Planned Parenthood Action NYC on 40 years of Roe v. Wade and women's rights and health today. Then actress Aedin Moloney of Fallen Angel Theatre Company told us about the fantastic play, Airswimming by Charlotte Jones.
Let's Come Out and Surprise People With the Ordinariness of Being Gay. Every time we are brave, every time we reveal our sexuality in a matter-of-fact way at appropriate times, we help people understand that gay and lesbian people aren't all special or weird or different or ugly or beautiful or anything else. We are just like anyone else.
When a Son Tells His Gay Dad, 'You Are Not My Mom'. I always figured there were certain hateful statements that my sons would make, especially ones that say I am inadequate. One of the statements I feared was finally delivered, though it did not come as part of a calculated gotcha exchange. It came at the worst possible moment.
The 'F' Word. I've never been OK with the word \faggot\ or its shortened form, \fag.\ Regardless of the intent behind its use, I've never been able to fully swallow that word and refrain from tensing up when it's used around me. I've always spoken out against its usage.
The Promise of Equality and Religious Freedom. While the debate over marriage equality is largely philosophical, rooted in deeply held personal beliefs, there is a substantive policy discussion that is often overlooked and worth exploring
Transgender People of Color and Domestic Violence. As I engage in the legal system to fight for the rights of transgender individuals, I find that many transgender prisoners, especially transgender prisoners of color, are in personal relationships that are violent and abusive.
What Would Jesus Say About Being Gay?. If it's necessary to adapt, pick and choose aspects of the Bible to fit life in 2013, then all I hope is that people don't let their closed-minded attitudes dictate which parts of scripture they choose to ignore and which they choose to follow.
\u2018The Avenue' Star Gregory Gorgeous. What\u2019s not to like about a man who calls himself Gregory Gorgeous? The androgynous 20-year-old Canadian, who really is quite
How Sex Became a Central Part of My Job. As a psychic and life coach, I am fortunate to be approached by production companies that want to consider me for television projects that they are working on.  While flattering, some of the ideas are downright strange.
Acting in Love to Support All Love. Today we celebrate a man. A humble man, but an inspired man. A beaten man, but a brave man. A pragmatic man, but hopeful man. As we celebrate, however, I worry that, were he still alive today, he would be saddened by our nation's tolerance of exclusion and injustice.
I Am Undocuqueer. There is plenty of love and acceptance in our communities, so we must channel all of that into inclusive organizing and action that will ensure and protect the rights of all families and communities.
Violence Against Women Act, Grindr & a Look Back at 2012 on Yetta Kurland LIVE!. This week, I spoke to Sharon Stapel of the New York City Anti-Violence Project and Susanna Saul and Carmen Del Rey of inMotion, Inc. about the Violence Against Women Act. Then Catherine Abate of Community Healthcare Network spoke to us about on Grindr and public health.
'Bare The Musical' Star Casey Garvin. \Bare\ is currently playing at New York's New World Stages. For more information, click here. There's a definite, smaller
Why I'm So Proud to March in the 57th Presidential Inaugural Parade With Military Spouses of Michigan. Having this opportunity is particularly significant to me, and it goes deeper than getting to just say I was there. This will be the first time I get to openly show my pride as a military partner among other spouses, partners, families, service members and veterans on a very public stage.
Obama Inauguration Speech Makes History With Mention Of Gay Rights Struggle, Stonewall Uprising. President Obama made history today when he mentioned both the Stonewall uprising and gay and lesbian people being treated
Las Vegas Launches Gay Travel Campaign (PHOTOS). Read more about LGBT travel options in Las Vegas, or check out LGBT travel experts' picks for 2013's top destinations. CLARIFICATION
Alex Jones, Radio Host Who Wants Piers Morgan Deported, Says Government Creating Gays With Chemicals. While we're still waiting for experts to come up with a definitive answer as to why people are gay or straight (and we may
Gay Family in the House. I've proved and disproved a thousand stereotypes in my life so far, but only one title -- American -- has ever come close to encompassing all of my experiences. Your biography, Mr. President, leads me to believe that you know what I mean. My daughter knows, too.
Bisexual Acceptance. Bisexuality is the new gay. By this I mean that since homosexuality is becoming increasingly acceptable in the United States
School Bus Strike, Mayoral Control and Girls Who Code on Yetta Kurland LIVE!. This week I spoke with Larry Hanley, international president of the Amalgamated Transit Union on the city's first school bus strike since 1979.
10 Of The Best LGBT Moments Of The Week. With so much hate continually aimed at the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community, we like to take a moment every
Evolution Of 'Gay'. YouTube sensation Randy Rainbow offers up the history of the word \gay\ in just two minutes in this new video. Set to the
Brian Brown, NOM President, Joins France's Anti-Gay Marriage Protests. H/T Good as You's Jeremy Hooper Though France is considered to be generally tolerant towards its lesbian, gay, bisexual and
13 LGBT Must-Dos in 2013. It's time to start thinking about your travel calendar for the year, because before you know it you'll be pulling out those holiday decorations again, spinning that dreidel and breaking in your newest ugly sweater. So here are my picks for the 13 events and things to do in 2013.
Did Martin Luther King Have an LGBTQ Dream, Too?. Though it is clear that King's words resonate with our cause, I now believe that not only would King not have supported LGBTQ rights but his relevance on social issues would have continued to wane considerably had he survived.
My Family Broke Up With Me. Over the holidays I gifted my Muslim relatives with the truth
A Mother's Final Gift. At first I'd thought my mom died on my birthday to bring my father and me together. Since then I've realized that her gift was an opportunity to finally find the fortitude and the wisdom to do what she never could.  So I left him behind.  And that's where he remains
Jonathan Lovitz, Activist and LOGO Star, on the Trevor Project and Coming Out (VIDEO). 
Why I'm So Excited About the Gay Weddings at the National Cathedral. The National Cathedral is the second largest cathedral in the country, and it's been dubbed by Congress as the \National House of Prayer.\  It's a symbol of Christian faith in America.  And now it lets the gays marry. If that's not a step toward equality, I don't know what is.
Confirm Chuck Hagel for Secretary of Defense. I am willing to accept his apology, which Ambassador Hormel has now accepted, even if reluctantly, because Hagel will work for President Obama, and I don't believe the president would nominate anyone to this sensitive position who will not be supportive of the LGBT community.
'We Do' Campaign. NEW YORK -- This week, on a rainy day in a rural Tennessee county, Matt Griffin, Raymie Wolfe and a group of 50 or so supporters
Andrew Rannells, 'Girls' Actor, Talks About Being A 'Purebred' Gay. Continuing, \I have a lot of friends who, actually, after they've realized they're gay, they feel empowered in a way that
Transition Deconstructed. As it happened, coming out as trans to my spouse was wrenching for both of us, and it took the better part of six months for each of us to convince the other that we didn't want to leave. We were going to give it our best shot, whatever came.
Rachel Maddow Eulogizes PFLAG Founder Jeanne Manford. Visit NBCNews.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economy Jeanne Manford, the founder of PFLAG (Parents
9 Of The Worst Anti-LGBT Moments Of The Week, Dec. 30 - Jan. 5. Every weekend we bring you a round up of either the best LGBT moments from the week before -- our \Something To Celebrate
LGBT Singles. Where can you find single lesbians? Single gays? Trans folk? Where are the bisexuals? If I've heard it once, I've heard it
'Behind The Candelabra,' Liberace Movie With Michael Douglas And Matt Damon, Deemed 'Too Gay' By Studios. \Heart,\ which will debut in 2014, will reportedly star Julia Roberts, Mark Ruffalo and \White Collar\ hunk Matt Bomer. Soderbergh's
OS-SLDN Responds To Reports Of Hagel Nomination Next Week. (WASHINGTON, DC) Army veteran and OutServe-SLDN Executive Director Allyson Robinson issued the following statement today
Kenya Police Seek Gang That Is Blackmailing And Raping Gays. Queerty reports that according to the Gay and Lesbian Coalition of Kenya (GALCK), extortion is one of the biggest problems
Sugar, Spice and Everything Nice. A recluctant admission
Anderson Cooper's 20 Best Moments Since Coming Out. Anderson Cooper hosted CNN's New Year's Eve celebration with Kathy Griffin on Tuesday and there was no shortage of hilarious
Presenting. Do you support full LGBT equality, or not?  And through this process, within ourselves and with allies, opposition, friends and family, we will be squarely on the path to a true solution to our suffering in the hearts and minds of the world.
Offering Care on the Battlefield of the HIV/AIDS Epidemic. Recently I sat down with designer Michael Bastian, who received this year's Style Vault Award from my organization, Gay Men's Health Crisis (GMHC), for his generous support and for his exemplary talent in the fashion industry.
Miley Cyrus On Gay Fans, Same-Sex Marriage And Why London Is Her Favorite City. This isn't the first time the 20-year-old pop sensation has spoken out on behalf of the LGBT community. Last February, she
2012 In 4 Minutes. From President Obama's election victory to the historic gay rights wins across the nation to the tragedies in Connecticut
They Tried to Make Me Go to Rehab; I Said, 'No, No, No'. My first week back at boarding school for my sophomore year, my father and stepmother came to pick me up to send me to rehab for being gay. I was admitted into a drug and behavioral facility for kids with eating disorders, drug problems and suicidal tendencies. I didn't belong there.
New Year's 2013. It's a new year and many of us have big plans and dreams for 2013. Whether pursuing a new career or finding love, we all
30 Days Of LGBT Holiday Giving. What started as a passion project in Los Angeles is now expanding to three other regions, including Orange County, the San
Gay Viral Videos Of 2012. The international relevance of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) issues was confirmed numerous ways in 2012. These
Notes on a Marriage. Marriage equality is an elegant, provocative way of challenging nationality and its attendant rights, masculinity and its meanings, and the right to parenthood. In some countries, it challenges that bastion of oppression, organized religion.
30 Days Of LGBT Holiday Giving. Note
My Top 5 Wishes for the Queers in 2013. Since we survived the end of the world, we can now focus on closing out 2012 and laying out our hopes for the new year. So what's our big, gay wish list for 2013? Here are my top five.
Don't Be Angry at Spencer Cox; Be Angry at the Stigma That Pushes Gay Men Into Drugs and Unsafe Sex. It's high time for gay America finally to end the silence and speak out boldly about the plague of crystal meth addiction and abuse in our community that contributed to Spencer Cox's death -- and continues to destroy the lives of so many others.
Sharing the Stories of LGBT Youth. 
The 50 Most Powerful Coming Outs Of 2012. The fact is, I'm gay.\ Anderson Cooper's long-awaited announcement sums what it meant to come out in 2012. Again and again
NowThisNews.com Reviews The Biggest LGBT Stories Of 2012 In Under Two Minutes (VIDEO). But just in case you're looking for a conciser review -- say a majority of the most discussed stories in under two minutes
'Tis the Season for (Online) Dating. The efforts of gay rights champions and gay men's love affair with technology have coalesced to alter our social lives. Look around in major \gayborhoods\ and you're likely to see a much altered scene of people present, and a lot of male faces buried in the screens of their smartphones.
Raymond Bell, Pastor Of The Cowboy Church of Virginia, Claims Stroking Horses Can 'Cure' Homosexuality. \EAP can help any person who is living the homosexual lifestyle or involved in it in any way,\ he told Gay Star News. According
R. Clarke Cooper, Head Of Log Cabin Republicans, To Step Down. Typically, such an ad can cost more than $100,000 -- a sum that many pointed out was out of reach for the group. Cooper said
30 Days Of Holiday LGBT Giving. \We want future generations of people in our community to enjoy the center,\ said Paul Hyman, the center's former executive
30 Days Of Holiday LGBT Giving. Now, Kulia \strives to improve the quality of life for 'mahuwahine,\ and other transgender people living in the Hawaiian
Mark Regnerus Claims Viewing Porn Increases Support For Gay Marriage Among Straight Men. So what happens when sex is divorced from being purely about marriage? Apparently men begin to think gay marriage is OK. The
New York Time's Frank Bruni Writes About His Father's Journey On Gay Marriage. FOR a long while, my father's way of coping was to walk quietly from the room. He doesn't remember this. I do. I can still
30 Days Of Holiday LGBT Giving. Note
Top LGBT Stories Of 2012. It was the best of times... It was the worst of times... But no matter how you look at it, 2012 will be remembered as one
Frank Schubert, NOM Political Director, Calls Newt Gingrich's New Gay Marriage Stance 'Stupid'. While he continued to profess a belief that marriage is defined as being between a man and a woman, he suggested that the
Chris Spears, Longtime Chicago Santa, Welcomes Diversity. For the past seven years, Chris Spears has sported an authentic long, white beard and has listened to children's Christmas
Anderson Cooper And Paul Rudd Discuss 'Pickle Tickles'. It seems not a day goes by that we don't fall just a little bit more in love with Anderson Cooper. (h/t Towleroad) Sure, he's
The Deep End. As I stand outside of my second closet door, I realize that my fears of coming out positive stem from being scared not to love again consider myself the consummate clumsy romantic, and I admit that I was scared to lose that part of myself.
More Guns, More People Get Shot. Do The Math.. NO American needs an semi automatic fire arm. These guns have nothing to do the 2nd Amendment. They were not invented yet! As Lillian Hellman once said \I will not cut my consonance to fit this years fashions\. Meaning, don't make things up so you can have a semi automatic fire arm!
Straight Guys Don't Kiss. Oh yeah? But they do pretty much everything else. Male sexuality is chaotic, irritating, and full of vestigial warrior ethos and beautiful contradictions.
30 Days Of Holiday LGBT Giving. Note
Gays Blamed For Newtown, Other 2012 Tragedies. When Adam Lanza killed 26 people at Sandy Hook Elementary School last week, people were quick to point fingers at guns, the
Top Transgender Stories Of 2012. While there's still a lot more work to be done, 2012 saw some remarkable milestones for transgender people both in the U.S
Homeless for the Holidays. As LGBT youth come out at younger ages, thousands are driven from their homes by rejecting families. And in a society that has grown increasingly unwilling to support a safety net for the most vulnerable, they are forced to endure homelessness and destitution.
Stephen Sweeney, New Jersey Senator, On Gay Marriage, Reparative Therapy Proposals In His State. \u201cThe supporters of this bill are people who love their children and understand that you can\u2019t make your children something
Voting on My Marriage? Let's Vote on Your Guns. If those beholden to the NRA want guns without restriction, I say put it to a vote. If my right as a gay man to marry is decided by my neighbors, let's see a show of hands for how we feel as a nation on the right to bear arms. Fair is fair, right?
Yes, Nate Silver, You Are a Gay Statistician. Silver's refusal to fully participate in gay identity is the real problem. We must acknowledge the cultural forces that allow a person to participate in homosexual sex while feeling like the concerns, bigotries and culture that surround homosexuality do not apply to them.
Homo for the Holidays. For many gay people, spending the holidays with their families is an uncomfortable, nerve-wracking experience that means repressing their true selves to avoid conflict, taking a step backward on the path to self-acceptance they fought so hard to forge.
8 Of The Best LGBT Moments Of The Week. With so much hate continually aimed at the LGBT community, we like to take a moment every once in a while to highlight some
Gay Marriage's Unexpected Benefits. Gay marriage not only benefits gay people, it benefits the entire country. More then 14 years ago, states like Colorado passed
Reed Gusciora, New Jersey Assemblyman, Discusses Bill To Bring Gay Marriage To Ballot In State. The Newark Star-Ledger agreed with Gusciora in an editorial, but local and national gay groups strongly disagreed. Garden
United Nations Opens Doors to LGBT Rights. The decision to support the inclusion of \sexual orientation\ and introduce \gender identity\ into the resolution is one in a series of positive developments at the United Nations and in regional human rights systems.
One Million Moms' Top 10 Anti-Gay Rants of the Year. The anti-gay group, a division of the American Family Association, has spent the past year attacking Ellen DeGeneres and JCPenney, along with a long list of pro-gay celebrities, organizations and companies. Let's take a look back at the group's anti-gay agenda of 2012.
The 10 Best Things About Chicago's LGBTQ Community. After my experience at the Most Fabulous Santa Speedo Run run, I took some time to figure out the people, places and things that make our community so great. Here is, in no particular order, my list of the 10 best of Chicago's LGBTQ community.
The Night Don Lemon Hugged Me (VIDEO). Don Lemon, who remembered our first visit and never mentioned the circumstances, who knew this interview meant growth for me, a sort of redemption, perhaps, and who even knew a little about overcoming shame himself, reached out in a gesture of support
Play With Me. I realized that if I wanted more playfulness in my relationship, then I was going to have to do something about it. But how do you initiate fun without coming across as desperate? And what if my lame attempt at playfulness yielded rejection from my husband?
Biz Activists Cheer As High Court Takes Prop. 8 Case. The industry figures backing the federal suit to overturn California's Proposition 8 welcomed the news that the Supreme Court
Gay Marriage Poll. The poll, released by POLITICO and George Washington University, showed that, out of 1,000 likely voters, 40% of respondents
Watch Gay Couples Get Married Live In Seattle, Washington. Live streaming
On Being Witness to Extraordinary History. We have few occasions in life to be witness to extraordinary history. This is one of those days. Today same-sex couples in Washington are getting married under a law approved by the voters. The voters have told all our families that they are equal under the law.
On 'Anti-Gay' and 'Heterosexism' in the Wake of the AP's Ban on 'Homophobia'. Given the AP Stylebook's decision to discourage the use of the word \homophobia\ by journalists, I thought it might be interesting to take a look at \heterosexism,\ what it does and doesn't mean, and why it (along with \anti-gay\) cannot exactly replace \homophobia.\
Hey, Bill O'Reilly, Gays Make Christmas Better!. Though I can't speak for the other guys he claimed to be our allies in the war on Christmas, I'm going to explain to Bill why gays aren't at war with the holiday season at all. In fact, I'm about to tell him how gays make the holiday season better.
Where Is Sage Smith?. To call the media's silence on Sage Smith's story deafening would be an understatement. That someone's son or daughter, trans-identified or not, can go missing from their family for nearly 20 days and there be no national or even local outcry is more than enraging; it's terrifying.
Edie Windsor Responds To Supreme Court Agreeing To Hear Her DOMA Case. Windsor also likes to be prepared for whatever life brings. In more than 40 years with her late wife, Thea Spyer, Windsor
Supreme Court Steps Up on Marriage Equality Cases. Today we rejoice in this opportunity for our Justices to affirm our Constitution's promises of liberty, equality and human dignity as we watch the arc of the moral universe continue to bend toward justice.
Supreme Court Will Hear Challenges to Prop 8, DOMA. The Supreme Court announced today that it will take up the Prop 8 case and one of the several DOMA cases. The next step in the review process for both cases is a scheduling order, which should come soon, laying out the date for oral arguments at the Supreme Court.
The Mormon Call for Openness and Understanding of LGBT Issues. It's time for the Mormon community to stop simply talking about what our Savior would do, and roll up our sleeves and actually do it. In order for LGBT Mormons to truly begin to have a different experience inside our faith, we need to move beyond words -- and begin to do things differently.
Ellen DeGeneres & One Million Moms. In addition, the One Million Moms director was clear to point out that the group's previous call for action was not \an attack
Myths About Homosexuality Fuel Uganda's 'Kill the Gays' Bill. The belligerent rhetoric directed at anyone who does not seem straight is neither innovative nor specific to Uganda. For years politicians and pundits from the U.S. to Malawi have spread the notion that gay people \recruit\ children and that pedophilia and homosexuality are linked.
Gay Voices' 30 Days Of Holiday LGBT Giving. PFLAG has a headquarters in Washington D.C. and provides numerous services at both a national and local level, including
Frank Mugisha, Ugandan Gay Activist. But Mugisha implored people to keep up the pressure. Though some U.S. LGBT activists have called upon the Obama administration
John Duran And John D'Amico, HIV Positive West Hollywood Council Members, Discuss HIV/AIDS. JAD
'Gay Cure' Law Tested In California As Battle Over 'Reparative' Therapy Heats Up. Jerry Spencer's counselor once placed bags of ice on his hands while showing him photos of men holding hands. Chaim Levin's
Ricky Martin Marks World AIDS Day, Talks Obama's Gay Support And Life After Coming Out. \It's really sad when people say, 'Yeah, that's an issue for gays,' because it's not only the gay community that's struggling
Fighting Social Stigma Is Key to Ending HIV/AIDS. Social stigma, whether it be homophobia in the world at large or HIV-related stigma within the gay community, limits our ability to tackle HIV/AIDS at all levels. This holds particularly true for LGBT Americans. Too often the LGBT community itself has reinforced AIDS-related stigma.
It's World AIDS Day... Does Anyone Care?. As we observe World AIDS Day, I find it perplexing that few seem willing to embrace or even mention the epidemic that so greatly affected and altered the LGBT community. What is it about that era that frightens us so?
HIV-Positive? This World AIDS Day, Come Out and Start a Conversation. When I went on Project Runway, I didn't really plan on getting into the subject of my HIV status. But when I revealed my HIV status, a weight was lifted off my shoulders. It turned out to be one of the most important conversations I had ever had. It changed my life.
We Must Act Now to Achieve an AIDS-Free Generation. Each of us can do something right now to help end the epidemic. Get tested, and urge your doctor to adopt HIV testing as a standard of care. Encourage others, especially young people, to get tested, too. Speak out for comprehensive sexual health programming in your schools.
Morgan Freeman Gay Marriage Ad (VIDEO). This isn't the first time Freeman has come out in support of same-sex couples. He told Newsweek earlier this year
Matthew Mitcham Talks Addiction, Depression and 'Openly Gay' Olympic Gold. I'd been trying to interview Matthew for more than a year, but his manager always managed to find a reason why it was never quite the right time. Details from Mitcham's just-released autobiography shine a new light on his unavailability
Stop Uganda's 'Kill The Gays' Bill. A bill proposing that gay and lesbian Ugandans be executed is coming back to Uganda's Parliament - it could pass at any moment
Know Thine Enemy. Every weekend we bring you a round up of either the best LGBT moments from the week before -- our \Something To Celebrate
Black Friday Guide For Gay Shoppers. See a selection of the results in the slideshow below
Once More, With Feeling. What I wanted, really, was for people to believe I could play any role, not just gay roles.  And I was willing to closet myself once again in the press in order to achieve my unrealistic goal. Luckily, though, my closet was a glass one. Your work speaks louder than your agenda.
Closets and Criticisms of LGBT Research (Part 1). Dr. Gary Gates has reported that 50 percent of people who identify as lesbian, gay or bisexual identify as bisexual. He's also reported that 3.5 percent of the U.S. adult population identifies as LGB. Detractors seem to feel that the latter percentage is too low and the former too high.
What Can We Do Now, After Transgender Day of Remembrance 2012 Has Come to a Close?. What can we do to help bring an end to the vicious cycle of murders of transgender and gender-nonconforming people?  We need allies to interrupt the language and actions of people that feed transphobia. We must tell our own stories so that others will come to know our humanity.
Boeing To Deny Equal Pension Benefits To Gay Married Couples. The Stranger cites Ray Goforth, the executive director of the Society of Professional Engineering Employees in Aerospace
Giving Thanks, Getting Love. Give. Get. Those are the words scrawled at the top of my daughters' holiday gift wish lists.  That's the way we encouraged them to think about their \Santa\ list this year -- a list of what they want to give to someone as well as what they hope to get.
Gay Voices' Family Friday Thanksgiving Special. As part of our Family Friday series, every week we spotlight one family, share the story of their love and send lots of support
The Universal Ball. I have been attending vogue balls since I was a teenager. Now I feel that it is time to reinvent the ball, to make it more inclusive and diverse. I want to expand the appeal and reach of the ball to include every kind of person
2 Gays Talk People Magazine's 'Sexiest Man Alive' 2012 (VIDEO). This is the time of year for reflecting on the things that we are most thankful for. For me it's a loving boyfriend, a nice family, The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills and People's \Sexiest Man Alive,\ Channing Tatum. In this video Bryan Safi and I weigh in on 2012's sexy pick.
The Story Behind the New Tattoo on My Right Wrist. Sitting in the doctor's office after class a few weeks ago, I had a sense of what was coming. But a thousand cups of coffee couldn't have gotten my blood going any more than it was that day.
Coming Out By Christmas Card. Holiday cards that really catch my eye, either for their brilliance or buffoonery, tend to be trying too hard. My sin, on
The Desperate Consequence Of Casual Words. Mainers are no strangers to overcast skies like the one sitting outside James Nutter's bedroom window one day last November
Stacie Laughton, Transgender New Hampshire Representative, Discusses Election Win. It's not that she didn't think about the fact. \I was concerned,\ the 28-year-old former Nashua selectman, born and raised
AfterEllen.com's Best Lesbian Week Ever. We pride ourselves on knowing all kinds of Sapphic pop-culture facts. Each week we share some of the best tidbits on The Huffington Post in our series \Best Lesbian Week Ever.\ Here's who and what was on our raging gay radar this week.
Traveling the Path to Parenthood. I had pulled to the curb and could barely see the road though the water welling in my eyes.  I felt as if I had just heard from the future... from one of the children that would never be mine.
Major League Soccer's Homophobia Crackdown. Last Thursday, in the waning moments of the Seattle Sounders' playoff victory over Real Salt Lake, left back Marc Burch was
Rachel Maddow 'Angry Young Man' Comment Could Have Devastating Effect. It seems like a million years ago that I was an introverted, closeted lesbian, forced to spend every day in a suffocating
Anti-Gay Bullying. The new generation of parents are more accepting of their lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) children. But when
Know Thine Enemy. Every weekend we bring you a round up of either the best LGBT moments from the week before -- our \Something To Celebrate
Starbucks Will 'Pay' For Gay Marriage Support. The audio of the call does not continue on the site, but Brown is also quoted as saying
An Open Letter to My Republican-Voting Family. I'm not asking for anything.  I'm not asking for you to change your political affiliation, or become card-carrying members of PFLAG.  I'm not asking you to change the way you act around me, or what you say, or how you feel.  All I want, all I ever wanted, is for you to know how I feel.
Mismeasure B. Measure B's aims, as delineated by its primary backer, the AIDS Healthcare Foundation, are to protect adult video performers and prevent the spread of disease. Viewed myopically, Measure B may indeed seem like a step in that direction. The negatives outweigh the measure's benefits, however.
Hurricane Sandy, LGBTQ Youth and the Power of Community Organizing. Those of us who are regularly made most vulnerable in this city -- including queer and trans youth -- understood exactly what was at stake
Respect All Marriages. Sometime during the past fifteen years, I stopped being oblivious and instead became acutely aware of the true meaning of marriage -- and this Tuesday resoundingly proved that a record number of Americans have joined me.
Letter to My Best Friend's Parents in Ohio. Many have called LGBT equality the civil rights issue of our time. I think they're right. And Mitt Romney doesn't only oppose marriage for gays, he finds the prospect of gay parenting to be anathema to all that's good and civil.
10 Of The Worst Anti-LGBT Moments Of The Week, October 27 -- November 3. Every weekend we bring you a round up of either the best LGBT moments from the week before -- our \Something To Celebrate
Victoria Jackson's Anti-Gay Views Spoofed By Julie Brown. Victoria Jackson's notorious anti-gay views are usually no laughing matter, but one veteran comedian is offering up a hilarious
An Open Letter to Jim Daly, President of Focus on the Family, From a Gay Evangelical. I still remember the letters Focus sent out to homes across America endorsing that idea if we wanted to become straight, it was just a matter of trusting Jesus. Those letters hurt me. They hurt Christian kids all across this nation.
Rediscovering Comics' Queer History. Earlier this year Fantagraphics published an extraordinary collection of LGBT comics from the past four decades. No Straight
Tom Goss, Gay Singer-Songwriter, Gets Naked For New 'Make Believe' Video. In the video for his latest single, \Make Believe,\ Tom Goss takes \revealing\ to a whole new level. According to a press
Still Homophobic? You're Going to Have to Give Up the Following.... The claims by \Christian\ pundits that gays caused Hurricane Sandy got me thinking about the special powers the gay community actually does have, such as the immeasurable contributions we've made to the fabric of society and culture in every city, state, country and continent.
Eden Lane, Transgender Broadcast Journalist, Discusses Her Career, Being A Role Model And More. She was beaming with excitement, hugely passionate about her work and the show, now in its fifth season. Each week Lane speaks
Maureen Walsh, Republican State Representative, Embraces Gay Marriage. As one of only two House Republicans who voted in favor of the marriage bill, Walsh understood that her stance on this issue
LGBT History Month Icon Of The Day. Helen Zia is an award-winning author and journalist whose work spans decades covering the Asian-American community, writing
No, Don't Defriend Me; Just Don't Vote. The run-up to an election is a trying time for friendships, especially for LGBT people who feel personally attacked when their friends vote for anti-equality candidates. Some of us find ourselves saying \please defriend me.\ This open letter to a friend tries to find another way.
A U.S. President's Great-Great-Grandson's Big Gay Vampire Novel. While it may come as a surprise to learn that Ulysses S. Grant's great-great-grandson, Ulysses Grant Dietz, serves as Chief Curator for New Jersey's Newark Museum, it might come as a bigger surprise that he is also an author, with two gay vampire titles under his belt.
Love Free or Die. Just as it was in the civil rights and women's rights movements, the church can -- and will -- be a powerful force for shaping that arc. For it is in embracing LGBT people as made in God's image that we fully incarnate God's love.
A Personal History Of Gay TV. When I used to chronicle my TV habits for Nerve, I maintained that I wasn't raised by TV \u2014 I would say it was more of a nanny
Gay Man Sues Domestic Violence Program for Discrimination. Historically, there has been disagreement within the domestic violence community as to whether programs must provide services to male victims. LGBTQ advocates have argued that denying services based on gender and/or sexual orientation is discrimination.
Saving LGBTQ Lives One Note at a Time. We wanted to create an easy way for the LGBTQ community and their parents, family and friends to express their unconditional love for one another. By doing so, we've built a concrete reminder that there's a lot of love in people's hearts just waiting to be shared.
Shapeshifting and Distractions. Like a mythical shapeshifter or a repertory actor, Mitt Romney will pretend to be whatever you need. Politicians often do this, but he reaches new heights of brazenness. Time and again he says something on the stump that a campaign spokesperson later \clarifies.\
Obama. I personally support Barack Obama for president of the United States. I have studied him since 1996, and I have watched him do what he says, even when the tasks are very hard. He has more to do, and he deserves more time to complete his agenda.
Should Gay Rights Be Your Choice?. How can anyone honestly believe that they should have the right to make a choice about whether or not fellow Americans are treated equally under the law? The rights of LGBTQ citizens shouldn't be our \choice,\ but sadly they are, and it's up to you to be on the right side of history.
LGBT History Month Icon Of The Day. Takei, a Los Angeles native, has garnered quite the following on social networks and often engages his audience with humor
LGBT History Month Icon Of The Day. After spending six months at Schirmeck-Vorbruck concentration camp, Seel was released and forced to join the German army
5 Tips For Guys Who Just Came Out. If you recently opened up about being gay, you might wonder, 'What's next?' Rick Clemons can help. National Coming Out Day
Phil Snider, Missouri Pastor, Gives Anti-Gay Rights Speech With Surprise Twist Ending. \Any accurate reading of the Bible should make it clear that gay rights goes against the plain truth of the word of God,\ Rev
South Carolina Bishop Mark Lawrence Breaks With Church After Refusing Gay Blessings. An independent news blog for S.C. Episcopalians has reported that S.C. Bishop Mark Lawrence has been temporarily banned from
Nate Berkus Talks Being Gay, Coming Out And Loss Of Longtime Partner With Joy Behar. \I knew that I was a gay boy fairly early; what was interesting to me was that my mother didn't know,\ the 41-year-old Berkus
'The Parade,' Serbian Gay Film, Promotes LGBT Tolerance, But Will It Be Accepted In Russia?. MOSCOW -- The first third of Srdzhan Dragoevich\u2019s new film, \The Parade,\ will bring a smile to even the gloomiest of faces
Twitter Users Take Conscientious Stand Against Homophobic #SignsYoSonIsGay Trend. Not surprisingly, at first, many people obliged. #signsyosonisgay He loves his husband & children more fiercely, appreciates
Weeklings!. Oct. 19 is Spirit Day, that wonderful fall day where gays and their allies wear purple.  Are you wearing purple today? Well, allow me to tell you where that purpleness comes from, historically!
Why the Gallup Poll Is Farcical and More Than 3.4 Percent of Americans Are LGBT. Any gay person who hears the survey's finding that 3.4 percent of U.S. adults identify as LGBT will surely roll their eyes. Even the 10-percent figure that has been floated for the past couple decades seems low, so how could 3.4 percent be more accurate?
Why the Recent DOMA Decision Matters Even More Than You Think. The Second Circuit was not the first appeals court to strike down DOMA. The First Circuit Court of Appeals found DOMA unconstitutional in May. But the difference between the two legal opinions may mark the beginning of a legal shift that holds extraordinary promise for the LGBT community.
Latino Activists Join With Marriage Equality Activists... Will It Work?. CASA de Maryland, a community organization advocating for undocumented immigrants, has formed an alliance with Equality Maryland and the Latino GLBT History Project. Theoretically the move is brilliant. It's a strength-through-unity approach.
Hunter Valentine, Lesbian Rock Band and Stars of The Real L Word Season 3, Talk Collide and Conquer and LGBT Issues (AUDIO). Lesbian rock band Hunter Valentine are currently on their North American tour after starring in Season 3 of Showtime's hit reality series The Real L Word. This week I talked with the ladies about the show, the new album and their spin on LGBT issues.
Setting It Straight. How did it come to be that lesbians and gays still have to contort themselves to fit into some straight mold? An undeniable factor is leadership. The LGBT community lives in a world that has been designed by and for straight people -- or straight white males.
LGBT History Month Icon Of The Day. After leaving Congress due to multiple sclerosis, Jordan wrote a memoir, \Barbara Jordan
AfterEllen.com's Best Lesbian Week Ever. We pride ourselves on knowing all kinds of Sapphic pop-culture facts. Each week we share some of the best tidbits on The Huffington Post in our series \Best Lesbian Week Ever.\ Here's who and what was on our raging gay radar this week.
I Didn't Deserve to Lose You. I was filling out an application the other day. It asked me what I felt my greatest accomplishment thus far was. I thought for a moment and answered that I am most proud of surviving all that came with coming out to you as a lesbian.
LGBT History Month Icon Of The Day. But beyond his LGBT advocacy, Amaechi tirelessly works and travels as a psychologist and motivational speaker, giving talks
Not the Boy Scouts of My America. It's time that we did more than sign Karen Andresen's petition to protest the recalcitrant Boy Scouts of America. Until the BSA changes its anti-gay, anti-humane policy, no synagogue, church or school should sponsor a Boy Scout troop.
Santa Monica Throws Community Values Under the Bus. I was stunned when I heard the news
14 Of The Best LGBT Moments Of The Week. With so much hate continually aimed at the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community, we like to take a moment every
Timothy Kurek, Straight Christian Man, 'Comes Out' And Pretends To Be Gay For A Year. Watch More News Videos at ABC | 2012 Presidential Election | Entertainment & Celebrity News Kurek used his experience to
It's a Good Time to Be Gay!. I certainly appreciate the more tolerant attitudes. When I first started comedy eight years ago, nothing was scarier than going into comedy clubs not knowing if people were going to jump me after my show because I'd told a joke about having feelings for my best friend in college.
AfterEllen.com's Best Lesbian Week Ever. We pride ourselves on knowing all kinds of Sapphic pop-culture facts. Each week we share some of the best tidbits on The Huffington Post in our series \Best Lesbian Week Ever.\ Here's who and what was on our raging gay radar this week.
Ed Murray, Gay Washington Senator, Remains Rooted In His Catholic Faith. Murray\u2019s resilient faith and his willingness to speak out on complex issues can be traced to his mother\u2019s love of dialogue
Straight Out. This weekend SiriusXM is airing a documentary special I produced that profiles five straight allies and their individual journeys. Some of them are people you may have heard of before, like Zach Wahls. Others may be new to you, but all of them have powerful, compelling stories.
InterPride 2012 Co-Chairs on Celebrating 30 Years of Global Pride (AUDIO). This week I talked with Anna Dubrowski and Sylvain Bruni, co-chairs of InterPride 2012, a conference that celebrated the 30th anniversary of InterPride, the International Association of Pride Organizers. We discussed this year's conference and issues facing our LGBT community.
Jason Mecier's Big Bird Breakfast Cereal Mosaic Debuts After Mitt Romney's Presidential Debate Comment. Moments later it seemed there was no where you could turn without seeing the famed \Sesame Street\ character or hearing his
14 Years Ago Today. Aaron Kreifels was riding his bike through a field in Wyoming. He wasn't expecting that day to be different from any other beautiful sunny afternoon in the vast plains surrounding Laramie, but that day would change many lives.
LGBT History Month Icon Of The Day. Now, DeGeneres is married to Portia de Rossi, 39, and can be seen on her award-winning daytime talk show, \The Ellen DeGeneres
Tongues Untied. LGBTQ folk, just like heterosexual folk, experience intimate partner violence in our relationships, as well, regardless of race, class, ethnicity, or other identity markers. We need to talk honestly about the ways that violence shows up in our relationships, too.
32 Days Till Minnesota Votes on My Family. Minnesotans United for All Families says we need to have 200,000 conversations in October if we are to win, and that we broke a record by having 10,000 conversations recorded last week. So unless things ramp up amazingly fast, it appears that we are going to lose this thing. That upsets me.
LGBT History Month Icon Of The Day. Since Ricky Martin came out in 2010, the pop icon, known for his flair on stage and hits such as \Livin' La Vida Loca\ and
Respect for a Gay Elder, Pity for Benedict XVI. Pope Benedict, a loftily placed global citizen, must know many amazing people -- heads of state, authors, musicians -- but if he took the time to know anyone like Carlos Delgado, his hurtful proclamations against LGBT people would turn to ashes in his mouth.
Chris Kluwe, Wade Davis Jr. And Michelangelo Signorile On Gay Acceptance In Professional Sports. Minnesota Vikings punter Chris Kluwe, former NFL player Wade Davis, ESPN Radio's Jared Max and HuffPost Gay Voices Editor
Gay Men And Blood Donations. I gave blood in the caucus room. That sounds like a Bob Dylan song, but it's actually a description of my experience donating
An Open Letter From the Heart on Marriage Equality. It is our divine mandate to pave the way for all human beings to be treated with the same dignity, respect, opportunities, and benefits regardless of their sexual orientation or gender identity.
Banned Book Week. Today is the last day of Banned Books Week, which was first observed in 1982 \in response to a sudden surge in the number
Episode 105. 
The Ettelbrick Legacy. The Paula Ettelbrick legacy is a constructive dialogue that we hope might inform future activists. More important than any specific position Paula ever endorsed was her insistence on fighting for a society that encouraged everyone to accept, embrace, and celebrate our human diversity.
Rupert Everett Receives Death Threats After Criticizing Gay Parenting. Back in December 2010, the actor is quoted as having said
Moving The Fence Around Marriage. For state Sen. Debbie Regala of Tacoma, only the venue has changed. Crossing the parking lot shared by St. Leo Church and
Jerry Brown, California Governor, Signs SB 1172, Bill Banning Gay Conversion Therapy For Minors. California Governor Jerry Brown on Saturday signed a historic bill that will protect lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender
An Emotional George Takei Pledges 'Allegiance' To New Musical. Long before he became etched in our memories as Sulu of \Star Trek\ fame, George Takei used to recite those words with one
Arnold Schwarzenegger Married Two Gay Couples As Republican Governor Of California. Schwarzenegger revealed that he performed two same-sex marriage ceremonies while governor in an upcoming interview on \60
Michelle Kosilek Ruling Sparks Debate Over Rights Of Transgender Prisoners. For years, Michelle Kosilek has been asking the Massachusetts prison system for \sex-change\ surgery. Both candidates in
Same-Sex Immigration Policy. \We're definitely happy that the Obama administration took this good first step,\ Willingham told Reuters Friday. \But it's
Lady Gaga. Lady Gaga's controversial songs and statements go beyond just gay rights or Catholicism. Recently, she made headlines for
Chris Kluwe, Minnesota Vikings Punter, Defends Gay Marriage Letter To C. Emmett Burns. Listen to the full interview below
Why Rupert Everett's Gay Parenting Stance Killed One Man's Celebrity Crush. I feel like my adult wet dream just became a nightmare. Knowing one of my biggest celebrity crushes, Rupert Everett, blatantly
Bret Easton Ellis Defends Paris Hilton's Comments About Gay Men On Grindr, AIDS. Still, earlier this year, Ellis told The Paris Review, via Out magazine
Know Thine Enemy. Every weekend we bring you a round up of either the best LGBT moments from the week before -- our \Something To Celebrate
LGBT Rights Take Center Stage at the Supreme Court. From their very first day back on the job, the justices will begin considering what is surely the largest number of LGBT equality cases that they have ever faced in a single term. These cases have the potential to become watershed moments in the history of the LGBT movement.
ReThink Interview. The new documentary How to Survive a Plague follows the rise and accomplishments of ACT UP, a political advocacy group that formed spontaneously in 1987 out of frustration and anger that both state and federal governments had done so little to address the AIDS epidemic.
Four-Day Conference Celebrates Harry Hay, Founder of the Modern American Gay Freedom Movement. In 1948 homosexuals were considered sick and/or degenerate heterosexuals, and a gay community as we now know it did not yet exist. That year one man had the visionary idea that homosexuals were a \cultural minority\ and could organize themselves.
Intel Halts Boy Scout Donations Over Anti-Gay Policy. This week, Intel, which was recently identified as the Scouts' largest corporate funder, announced that it is no longer giving
Chick-Fil-A President Says They've Made No 'Concessions' To Same-Sex Marriage Supporters. On Thursday, the company released a statement on their corporate website in response to Moreno's claims, defending their
One Year After Don't Ask, Don't Tell Repeal, Transgender Military Members Still Forced To Serve Secretly. Until recently, the term of choice among psychiatrists was \gender identify disorder.\ In July, the American Psychiatric
Rupert Everett On Gay Parenting. Everett, who is currently playing Oscar Wilde in \The Judas Kiss\ in London, revealed his unexpected viewpoint while discussing
Maryland Marriage Equality Fundraiser In New York City Brings Out The Celebrities. Many in the room were ecstatic that the Rev. Jesse Jackson had days earlier urged Maryland voters, in an interview with HuffPost
HuffPost Readers Share Who They Wish Would Come Out In Support Of Marriage Equality. To which we say
Angela Merkel, German Chancellor, Urges Gay Soccer Player To Come Out. No name, no club \u2013 nothing that would point to his identity \u2013 that was what Fluter journalist Adrian Bechtold had to promise
Melisa Is Buenos Aires' First Transgender Teacher. BUENOS AIRES - The July winter vacation was coming to a close and Jos\u00e9\u2019s decision was maturing
10 Of The Best LGBT Moments Of The Week September 8-15. With so much hate continually aimed at the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community, we like to take a moment every
Giving LGBT Student Athletes a Voice (VIDEO). For over nine years I have been photographing LGBT student athletes on high school and college sports teams for a series I titled \Fearless.\ However, over the course of working on \Fearless,\ I always felt that something was missing
Annise Parker, Houston Mayor, Talks Obama's Gay Marriage Evolution, Log Cabin Republican Controversy. \I think it is important for people to stay engaged in both parties, and I was joking,\ she explained. \But I do think it's
DADT Repeal Anniversary. With the anniversary of the repeal of \Don't Ask, Don't Tell\ approaching, it's far past time we thank and support all troops and their families for their service to our nation, not just the heterosexual ones.
Sharing the Stories of LGBT Youth. 
President Barack Obama's Democratic Convention Speech. The last two weeks have been a roller coaster of emotions and coverage around the RNC and DNC. You've already been following
An Open Letter to Emmett Burns. I find it inconceivable that you are an elected official of the United States government. Your vitriolic hatred and bigotry make me ashamed and disgusted to think that you are in any way responsible for shaping policy at any level.
One Million Moms. Here's our message to OMM
'Don't Say Gay' at the GOP Convention. No one uttered the word \gay\ from the podium, nor did anyone want to want to speak about the issue when asked. But no one ever attained their civil rights from being quiet. Keep your hugs and kisses. Just give me full equality.
Aaron Schock, Republican Congressman, Responds To Gay Rumors, Anti-Gay Voting Record. Schock had in fact stated to Details magazine in 2009 that he is not gay, in a lengthy piece which noted that he is unmarried
Bryan Fischer Connects Gay Men And Pedophilia, Lesbians And Breast Cancer. Below, see a slideshow of other horrific things said about LGBT people
Ilene Chaiken Discusses 'The L Word,' 'The Real L Word,' Gay Marriage, Bisexuality And More. How much pressure did you feel to accurately represent lesbian lives? Was that overwhelming? Even then I knew I would never
The Most Popular New Gay Phrase (That's Actually Really Old). Summer 2012 fostered two phrases that swept across New York like a gaggle of giggling girls in town for some cheerleader
For Love and For Life. As we wandered the raucous streets, filled with jubilant queers, I felt safe holding my partner Dana's hand in a way I rarely did, even in the Bay Area. To feel that way here in the nation's capital was exhilarating.
L-Chief to the Rescue!. Is it possible that maybe, just maybe, being a woman and a lesbian was the intangible difference that calmed the masses? The L-Chief is always gracious in giving credit to the hard work of the officers under her command, and will likely shrug off the significance of the L in L-chief.
'The Real L Word' Cast Member Romi Klinger On Being Bisexual. On the criticism she's received for her bisexuality, Klinger says, \We're asking other people to give us equality and to
Know Thine Enemy. Every weekend we bring you a round up of either the best LGBT moments from the week before -- our \Something To Celebrate
'Anti-Bullying Policy Yardstick' From Focus On The Family May Contain Problematic, Anti-LGBT Language. The Yardstick also admonishes educators from trying to address the motivation behind the bullying, as \such an approach opens
Growing Up Gay in Greece. I could have never imagined that my imaginary friend, my savior, my muse, would eventually take real form and have a name.
Something To Celebrate. With so much hate continually aimed at the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community, we like to take a moment every
The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Sugar Festival. It's the sixth night of Lautoka, Fiji's annual Sugar Festival, and they're crowning the queen. Not the Sugar Queen -- that's tomorrow night -- but the Priscilla Queen, the winner of a series of competitions by transgender contestants to raise awareness about the transgender and gay community.
'Gay Cure' Ban Heads For Vote In California. It was only at that point that he had what a therapist might call a breakthrough.\'Oh wait,'\ he said, recalling his thinking
Know Thine Enemy. Every weekend we bring you a round up of either the best LGBT moments from the week before -- our Something To Celebrate
'Days Of Our Lives' Anti-Gay Bullying Storyline And Romance For Sonny Kiriakis Planned. CORRECTION
Gay \Cure\ Switch. Lisa Ling, the host of Our America on OWN, sat down with HuffPost Live to discuss her exclusive interview with Alan Chambers
Skyler Stone And Mike Smith, Two Straight Men, Kiss At Chick-Fil-A To Support Gay Marriage. To see what happens once they get there watch the video above. In the video, entitled \Chicken With A Side Of Hate,\ the
Paul Ryan on Gay Rights. Mitt Romney's running mate is a man who, like Romney himself, once supported gay rights -- and I do mean just one time -- only to run far away when he needed to genuflect before cultural conservatives.
12 Of The Best LGBT Moments Of The Week August 6 - August 12. With so much hate continually aimed at the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community, we like to take a moment every
Stephanie and Ukea. Ten years later, the double murder of transteens Stephanie Thomas and Ukea Davis still hasn't been solved. It saddens me and other DC-area transpeople who remember that horrific crime that it hasn't.
Mara Keisling And Cecilia Chung Discuss How The Prison Rape Elimination Act (PREA) Affects LGBT People. Mara Keisling
Paul Ryan's Gay Rights History. Romney supports amending the U.S. Constitution to ban same-sex marriage. And Ryan twice voted in support of the failed Federal
The Living Room. On Saturday, August 11, we reflect on the first meeting of Gay Men's Health Crisis' six founders in a living room. We think of the horrors they experienced, the courage they summoned as new activists and their historic legacy.
It's Gay-OK to Play With Your Balls!. Young gay people of all ages, especially gay men, continue to be discouraged from pursuing team sports. That's a shame. Sports need gay players, and, more importantly, gay people, both those who are athletes and those who could be encouraged to be more athletic, need sports.
Meet The Drag Queens Running As Republicans For President. Are you tired of Democrats with their slobbering same sex smooches and their coherent sentences? Do you want to bring America back to a time when people knew their place, when might meant right, and when people like you were miserable?
Know Thine Enemy. Every weekend we bring you a round up of either the best LGBT moments from the week before -- our Something To Celebrate
AfterEllen.com's Best Lesbian Week Ever. Michelle Rodriguez will no longer get any dates; Gillian Anderson opens her ex-file; Tiphany Adams doesn't want people to call her bisexual; Nicol Paone will gladly say she's bi, however, and our out athletes are doing it big in London.
Gay Military Proposal. Check out the photos from the engagement below. She was waiting patiently at the airport for her girlfriend to return home
'Don't Ask, Don't Tell' Repeal Re-Visited As Anniversary Draws Near By HuffPost Live (VIDEO). Find out what else Brunstad and others have to say in the video above. \It's impossible to describe how your life can change
Weeklings. Hope you enjoyed Chick-fil-A Appreciation Day, that special August 1 holiday where some of our greatest intellectuals abandoned their monster truck rallies and gathered 'round Heterosexual Chicken Emperor Dan Cathy.
Beaver's Houston Responds To Chick-Fil-A With 'Chick-On-Chick' Filet Sandwich (PHOTO). The Texas restaurant is pro-marriage equality, according to Gawker. Not only is owner and celebrity chef Monica Pope a lesbian
Are Liberals Intolerant of Chick-fil-A?. Contrary to what commentators on the right claimed, the Chick-fil-A issue doesn't prove \liberal intolerance,\ but quite the opposite.
HIV And Young Black Gay Men. Tony Ray, 26, a black activist at the Bronx AIDS Services, said some narratives are more difficult than others, and that
Weeklings. 
The Best LGBT Moments Of The Week July 23 - July 28. With so much hate continually aimed at the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community, we like to take a moment every
Krave Massive, World's Biggest Gay Night Club, To Open In Las Vegas. Should Krave Massive be successful in, \[giving] gays and lesbians a place for them that rivals (or betters) any mega straight
Episode 100. 
Dramatic Video From the AIDS2012 March to End AIDS in D.C.. 
Maintaining the Sanctity of Gay Marriage. While \gay-wedding fatigue\ and citations of gay divorce are fodder for haters, I am not worried about a backlash to these accounts specifically. But I am concerned over the implications of an unequal playing field. It seems we hold lesbian and gay marriages to a higher standard.
Chick-fil-A. I won't ever give my business to a Chick-fil-A, and I know that many LGBTs and our allies will also stay away. But Chick-fil-A has every right to be in business, in the city of Chicago and elsewhere. I would never want their bigotry to keep them from getting a business license.
Riding for the Last One. We are going to continue to do the Kiehl's LifeRide for amfAR until AIDS is finished. Until there is a vaccine. Until there is a cure. Until the first AIDS Quilt panel, which says, \The Last One,\ is sewn onto the quilt. And then we will ride for a new cause.
It's Free, I'm Gay, Thanks, Chick-fil-A!. Each time a new Chick-fil-A opens, they reward their first 100 customers with a year's worth of free chicken. LGBT activists/supporters should line up at openings in order to monopolize the year's worth of free chicken, and then donate it to LGBT homeless youth and/or shelters.
LGBTQ Stories. 
AfterEllen.com's Best Lesbian Week Ever. We pride ourselves on knowing all kinds of Sapphic pop-culture facts. Each week we'll share some of the best tidbits on The Huffington Post in our new series, \Best Lesbian Week Ever.\ Here's who and what was on our raging gay radar this week.
11 Of The Worst Anti-LGBT Moments Of The Week July 16 -- 22. Every weekend we bring you a round up of either the best LGBT moments from the week before -- our Something To Celebrate
How the Boy Scouts Banned Brotherhood and the Buddy System. Though Scouting taught us plenty about public service and volunteering our time, it fails today to recognize true leaders like my brother. It frowns upon those young men who want to engage peers of other faiths, cultures and identities.
It Gets Better - But Better Is No Longer Good Enough. On June 27, 2012, my husband and I learned our engagement photo had been hijacked by the Public Advocate of the United States and turned into an anti-gay attack ad targeting the LGBT community and State Senator Jean White in Colorado.
Queer and Undocumented. I am queer, undocumented, a community activist, an immigrant, a person of color, a recent college graduate, and a loving son and brother. Every single one of these identities has sustained my dedication to continue the work toward an inclusive society for all people.
10 Of The Worst Anti-LGBT Moments Of The Week July 9 - July 15. Every weekend we bring you a round up of either the best LGBT moments from the week before -- our Something To Celebrate
10 Of The Worst Anti-LGBT Moments Of The Week July 9 - July 15. Every weekend we bring you a round up of either the best LGBT moments from the week before -- our Something To Celebrate
Does Magic Mike Have Anything to Stick Himself With?. I've done my invert duty and been to see Magic Mike, which, accord\u00ading to The New York Times, gay men are \flock\u00ading\ to see in num\u00adbers not seen since Broke\u00adback Moun\u00adtain. Even if they're not all as jaded as I am, I think they're going to be very disappointed.
What Happened When I Hit On a Hot Guy... And Not on Grindr. In this crazy world where impersonal tools like Grindr and (God forbid) Craigslist all too often replace real, human connections, I had swallowed my pride and hit on a hot stranger. That, to me, is a victory in itself. This is how meeting people is supposed to go.
From Losing My First Boyfriend to Homophobia to Empowering LGBT Youth. A week after I was outed, my boyfriend disappeared. I came into contact with one of his friends and discovered that he'd come out to his parents a few months before he met me, and they'd kicked him out, so he'd begun living on the streets. He'd disappeared because he'd passed away.
AfterEllen.com's Best Lesbian Week Ever. We pride ourselves on knowing all kinds of Sapphic pop-culture facts. Each week we'll share some of the best tidbits on The Huffington Post in our new series, \Best Lesbian Week Ever.\ Here's who and what was on our raging gay radar this week.
Weeklings. 
Acknowledging LGBT's 'T'. The reality is that while bullying, school environments, and related outcomes have a long way to go for lesbian, gay, and bisexual students, the distance is even further for transgender students. We need to be having a discussion about that.
Romney Includes 'Sexual Orientation' in NAACP Speech While the LGBT Movement Plays a One-Party Game. It's valid to ask whether Romney could possibly support equal civil rights for our community, shy of including marriage. We don't know, and it doesn't appear that our movement leadership has any intention of asking.
Fifty Shades of Gray Meets Guess Who's Coming to Dinner?. When I heard about Mommy is Coming, the collaboration between filmmaker Cheryl Dunye and writer-activist Sarah Schulman, I was intrigued. It promised a new spin
Gay or Not. Gandhi, or at least a slice of Gandhi, now has a price tag. $1.28 million to be precise.
Something To Celebrate. With so much hate continually aimed at the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community, we like to take a moment every
Jackie Daniels, Lesbian Roller Derby Player, Talks Love, Sports And Family. Jackie Daniels is in her eighth season as a roller derby standout, but, with the experience comes a bit of light-hearted
Brad Pitt's Mom. Mrs. Pitt, your message to the News-Leader was harmful to LGBT people in Missouri and across the country and, to be quite frank, you should know that there is no telling how many souls you harmed with your public religion-based bigotry.
Google Announces Worldwide 'Legalize Love' Campaign Plan In Support Of Gay Rights. And on Valentine's Day of this year, the company ran a gay-marriage themed Google Doodle. Google launched a new campaign
It's Not Easy, But It's Worth It!. We and set about making a magazine for LGBT* youth (as well as their straight allies). We focused on highlighting bullying prevention, raising awareness of bullying, transgender issues, how educators can best serve their LGBT* students, and much much more.
My 'Coming Out'. \Weren't you that uptight student who interviewed me?\ Dr. Farley asked me upon completion of my \coming-out\ speech a few weeks ago. \Yes,\ I responded, retelling how much I'd feared that she'd been able to sense the true sexual orientation that I was desperately trying to conceal.
The Department of Justice Presses the Supreme Court to Resolve DOMA Challenges. This week the Justice Department filed two petitions for writs of certiorari to the Supreme Court in challenges to Section 3 of the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA). Here is analysis of the petitions.
Frank Kameny. Finally, in the early 1970s, two federal courts ruled that the government could not fire people simply because they were gay or lesbian, and the Civil Service Commission grudgingly amended its rules.
Swedish Judge Rules Man Not Guilty of Attempted Rape of Trans Woman Because She Has No Vagina. To no surprise, reaction to this decision from the trans community has mostly been one of disgust and outrage
When Queerty Misleads. It is disturbing that Queerty seemingly presented the interview with a clunky headline in order to seize on an opportunity for sensationalism (Fox-News style). Queerty should not be party to shaming a young gay activist for proposing an examination of an important issue.
Comics Pride. We are not the mainstream. That's a truth understood by anyone who identifies as lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgendered or
Samira Ghorbani Danesh, Iranian Lesbian, Told To Hide Identity After Being Denied German Asylum. BAYREUTH - One of her last memories of Iran is a noisy party. It was back in 2009, and some 50 young people had gathered
AfterEllen.com's Best Lesbian Week Ever. We pride ourselves on knowing all kinds of Sapphic pop-culture facts. Each week we'll share some of the best tidbits on The Huffington Post in our new series, \Best Lesbian Week Ever.\ Here's who and what was on our raging gay radar this week.
Cooper Comes Clean. As recently as 1989, tolerance for gays and gay jounalists was hardly prevalent. I  would cringe at the gay jokes in the newsroom. A few years earlier I overheard a colleague tell a cameraman, \You better watch when you interview those gays. You don't want to catch AIDS, you know.\
6 Great Tips for Planning Your Honeymoon. You made it through your wedding! No doubt it was a lot to handle and you're ready to get away with your sweetie to some remote locale and do the horizontal honey-pokey over and over. Here are six tips to help you plan the perfect getaway with your new husband or wife!
Supreme Timing. At the very least, because of the civil-unions issue, it it clear that a DOMA decision at the Supreme Court before a Prop 8 decision would be a more logical one, because striking down DOMA would affect future Prop 8 litigation, but striking down Prop 8 would have no effect on DOMA.
Gay American History. This Fourth of July, as you're munching on hot dogs, launching fireworks and wondering if you took it just a little too far
Frank Ocean, R&B Singer, Comes Out. Below, see other celebrities who have come out
13 Of The Worst Anti-LGBT Moments Of The Week June 24 - July 1. Every weekend we bring you a round up of either the best LGBT moments from the week before -- our Something To Celebrate
Queer Issues Are Class Issues. New York's forty-second Gay Pride Parade took place on Sunday, drawing tens of thousands of LGBT people and their allies
Raising The Bar. When someone decides to come out to his family, he typically only has to do it once. But for an athlete, it may need to happen
Gay Pride. The universe is terrible and ugly in so many ways, but it's always changing. And once in a while those changes are so good and so big that future generations won't be able to imagine life before them.
Starting Today, New York's Students Now Protected from Bullying. we must not give in to the temptation to respond to bullying with punishment. This is unsustainable and ineffective; we must instead use insightful adult intervention to instill in our children a respect for all their peers, and a desire to learn from their differences, not erase them.
Pride Houston 2012. I had one of the most exhilarating experiences of my life as Grand Marshal of Pride Houston.  What a rush! Everyone was so kind, loving, and happy.  I was dancing up and down in the car, throwing beads and screaming, \I love Houston!\
Italian Facebook Page Urges Aborting 'Gay' Unborn Child. Online homophobia has reached a new low in Italy where a Facebook page circulated this month with the declaration
AfterEllen.com's Best Lesbian Week Ever. We pride ourselves on knowing all kinds of Sapphic pop-culture facts. Each week we'll share some of the best tidbits on The Huffington Post in our new series, \Best Lesbian Week Ever.\ Here's who and what was on our raging gay radar this week.
Is God Still in the Mix, Mr. President?. It's past time for the president to tell America if his religious views on gay marriage have also evolved. Does the president still believe that God only sees heterosexual marriages as \sacred,\ or does he feel that God's grace now shines on gay people, as well?
Gay Pride 2012. By Sinclair Institute YourTango It's time to clear up these ridiculous myths about same-sex couples! It's Gay & Lesbian Pride
Steve Crampton, Liberty Counsel Radio Host, Slams ENDA's Protections Of LGBT People As 'Insanity'. Interestingly, Crampton's rant seems to overlook another key component of the controversial legislation, which reportedly
Weeklings. 
Gay Pride 2012. And we're still taking contributions, too! Please end us a photo of you, along with your significant other, family and friends
Benji Schwimmer's Naked Truth. When Benji Schwimmer was named \America's favorite dancer\ in 2006, winning the second season of Fox's long-running \So You
Alan Turing, Father of Computer Science, Defied Stereotypes, the Nazis, and a Nation. The Turing tragedy is worth considering, if only to remind us that despite a sustained shift away from sexual discrimination, science still hasn't fully come to terms with the fact that one of its most influential icons was gay.
'X-Men' Gay Wedding Inspires Maryland Gay Couple To Renew Vows At Comic Shop. In celebration of the release of \Astonishing X-Men\ #51 where Canadian mutant superhero Northstar marries his boyfriend
Illinois Lesbian Couple Denied Use Of Reception Hall Because Of Manager's Religious Beliefs. An Illinois-based lesbian couple is searching for a new wedding venue after the manager of one historic banquet hall told
Same-Sex Marriage Winning Corporate Favor, Foes Urge Business 'Neutrality'. One corporate communications expert observed that requesting neutrality, rather than urging corporations to take the advocates
Iowa Dads Speak Out for Equality. Here in Iowa, we know that our dads are the best. Check out these ten proud fathers as they talk about the joys of fatherhood and their vision for a future that includes equality for all families.
My Father, Myself. For 20 years I did what my father could not. I stayed married and never had an affair. Blessed with two daughters, I lavished them with affection. It was all going according to plan. But as time wore on, my word quota began to be met, until there was nothing left to say but \I'm gay.\
The Ultimate Father's Day Gift. Earlier this year, we were approached by representatives from JCPenney about our family being part of their Father's Day catalog celebrating the diversity of real-life dads. Little did we know that it would create the media frenzy that it has -- and a tidal wave of love and support.
Transgender Man Proposes To Partner At White House LGBT Pride Reception. WATCH the proposal (skip to 1:55)
Something To Celebrate. With so much hate continually aimed at the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community, we like to take a moment every
Gay Fathers. \Your dad is gay!\ my friend spat out one day when we were in a fight. It was as if she were accusing me of something horrible
Lebanon Residents 'Suspected Of Homosexuality' Face Brutal Police Examination. BEIRUT - In the austere police station, after they are asked to undress, they are told to lean forward or crouch, submitting
The Father I Want to Be. Is there any harm in raising kids who treat gay people with respect? If our son turns out to be straight, there is still a very good chance he will have a gay classmate or a young gay neighbor. Do we want him to ridicule this child or sit by and watch others do it?
American Unity PAC. OVER the past year, the main story line in the push for marriage equality has been the ardor and success with which leading
Judy Garland's Birthday. \She was someone who was so much about giving to an audience,\ Sayre explains. \So much of her career and her life was spent
Momentum 2012. President Obama's announcement of support for the freedom to marry, a decision rooted in the Golden Rule of \treating others the way you would want to be treated,\ is a historic milestone for the global freedom to marry movement.
Know Thine Enemy. Every weekend we bring you a round up of either the best lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender moments from the week before
Why We Care About John Travolta's Sexuality. In the past few weeks there have been numerous speculations that John Travolta might have been sexual with men and therefore might be gay. Our culture is obsessed with men who have sex with men and quickly label them as bisexual or gay.
Something To Celebrate. With so much hate continually aimed at the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community, we like to take a moment every
When You Realize You're a Lesbian. The coming-out process can be an overwhelming experience. It is most definitely an emotional rollercoaster as one goes through the self-realization that they are gay all the way to admitting it to the world. But how much of the 'when you come out' affects how you identify within the gay community?
Americans Have No Idea How Few Gay People There Are. One in ten. It's the name of the group that puts on the Reel Affirmations gay and lesbian film festival in Washington, D.C
Jason Alexander Apologizes For 'Cricket Is Gay' Remark. \The problem is that today, as I write this, young men and women whose behaviors, choices or attitudes are not deemed 'man
Episode 96. 
Highest Number Of Anti-Gay Murders Ever Reported In 2011. Only a little over half of the survivors reported their attacks to the police, Jindasurat added. This sheds some light on
Gay Bullying. Gay kids have long been a target of bullying. Until recently incidents could be laughed off as \pranks,\ and no one suffered
LGBTQ Pride. As the truism advises, \Think globally, and act locally,\ my hope is that we can join together to create the world as be a place where everyone will celebrate their Pride safely and with integrity in ways that express their truest joys while showing their full humanity, freedom, and liberty.
Why Was 'Drag Race' Star Sharon Needles Recently In Hot Water With The Law?. Earlier this week, after attending drag legend Lady Bunny's \u201cHot Mess\u201d party at Manhattan nightclub XL, \RuPaul's Drag Race
Kylie Minogue's Birthday. It seems just yesterday the pop princess shimmied her way into our hearts with her peppy tunes like \I Should Be So Lucky
Zachery Gray, Florida Teen, Suffers Brain Damage After Suicide Attempt Allegedly Due To Anti-Gay Bullying. Gray's parents told News Channel 8/Tampa Bay Online that their son tried to kill himself at home after being tormented \nonstop
Chandler Burr, American Journalist, Describes Colombian Fight For Gay Adoption Rights. BOGOTA - For the first time in the country\u2019s history, a top Colombian court has awarded adoption rights to a homosexual man
Prom 2012. All Boston Alliance of Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual and Transgender Youth (BAGLY) prom photos were taken by Zoe Perry-Wood, and
Memories and Memorial Day. This Memorial Day I'll pause and honor the many of my own troops who have fallen in battle.  They may not have had the uniform or the recognition of our armed forces, but the wars they fought were just as valiant, and I, for one, am richer for their many, varied gifts and sacrifices.
Gay-on-Gay Bullying. Gay culture is one of the most ageist cultures in America. As a result, older gay men are targets of some of the worst online vitriol from other gay men.   Many older men have to get \creative\ when listing their ages or risk being unattractive to younger guys.
Why You Shouldn't Boycott North Carolina. While I understand that this is a natural response to the passage of such a discriminatory act, one that targets innocent North Carolinians for the worst of reasons, misunderstanding and bigotry, I'm asking everyone to take a deep breath.
Weeklings. 
Tales of the Waria. I had no idea that transgender people could live so openly in Indonesia, a country with the world's largest Muslim population. Like many Americans I had this notion of Islam as being particularly unforgiving toward sexual minorities. How could a community of warias possibly exist?
Reality Bites. Though it's impressive that a mainstream television show centered on queer women has seen such success, the show's distorted depiction of lesbian culture is something to mourn, not celebrate. Young queers deserve positive, nuanced examples of lesbians in mainstream media.
AfterEllen.com's Best Lesbian Week Ever. We pride ourselves on knowing all kinds of Sapphic pop-culture facts. Each week we'll share some of the best tidbits on The Huffington Post in our new series, \Best Lesbian Week Ever.\ Here's who and what was on our raging gay radar this week.
Is Grindr Keeping Me Single?. Grindr not only helps intensify the sexualization of the user but also creates a divide between gay men. We have become more concerned with our phones than the people in front of our phones.
How Gay and Lesbian Couples Become Biological Parents (AUDIO). Dr. Samuel Pang is the Medical Director of the Reproductive Science Center of New England (RSC), a pioneer in helping lesbians and gay men become parents. I talked with Dr. Pang about these procedures and issues facing our LGBT community.
Prima Donna. For gay men of a certain age, the passing of Donna Summer last week was a significant loss. Those of us in our late 40s and 50s remember this disco diva in her 1970s prime.  Upon hearing the news of her death, all the memories attached to that time have come flooding back.
Carmen Carrera and Janet Mock on Lorena Escalera, Media Justice, and 'Utmost Fabulosity'. A wildly insensitive New York Times article on the life and death of trans artist and drag performer Lorena Escalera flared tensions between the gender-variant community and the paper when it was published as part of the Sunday edition on May 14.
NAACP, Marriage Equality, Obama, and Voting Rights. Voting rights are LGBT rights!  Elder rights are LGBT rights!  Economic rights are LGBT rights! The perfect storm of officials and movements coming together to support the American dream of equality is here.
Words Matter. I joined the struggle for LGBT equality because of the shared experience of injustice. No immediate member of my family is LGBT, and my sexual orientation is heterosexual, but if I claimed to embrace the words of Dr. King, I must live and act out the values of those words.
6 Reasons Why You Should Be Cool With Gay Marriage (VIDEO). And as the old saying goes, \If 50 Cent is doing it, shouldn't we all be?\ So for all of you out there who still aren't convinced, here are my six reasons why you should be cool with gay marriage. I'm looking at you, Manny Pacquaio.
San Diego Dedicates Harvey Milk Street. On May 22, 2012 a large crowd gathered at the corner of Center Street and what was formerly known as Blaine Ave., in San Diego, for the unveiling of the nation's first Harvey Milk Street, named for the first openly gay man ever elected to public office in the United States.
Tyler Clementi's Suicide. Ravi's Twitter posts, webcam spying, and homophobic attitude were stigmatizing, and it is possible that these pushed Clementi to a tipping point. But Clementi's suicide did not happen in a bubble with only him and Ravi; it took place in a society in which homophobia is still rampant.
Call Me a 'Milksop' All You Wish, But I'm No 'Yes Man'. What are we going to do about all of the \non-manly\ guys running around the United States? Apparently, the great assumption is that by engaging in activities ranging from military exercises to boy scouting, we could eliminate the \problem\ altogether.
This Evolution Won't Be Televised. The arc of history is long and bends toward progress, but it usually starts in a bad place. Former congressman Chris Bell knows this, because he went through his own reevaluation on gay marriage.
Gay Republicans Encounter Same-Sex Marriage Dilemma. \We already knew that the Log Cabin Republicans and Mr. Romney were on opposite ends of this issue, so it wasn't like last
Transgender At Five. Kathryn wanted pants. And short hair. Then trucks and swords. Read more on The Washington Post
Bristol Palin, Bullying Victim? An Open Letter. Spare me the line about how your anti-gay views are unassailable because they're your firmly held religious beliefs. It's utterly hollow. Hate wrapped in the name of God is still hate.
Something To Celebrate. With so much hate continually aimed at the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community, we like to take a moment every
Clay Aiken Discusses 'Celebrity Apprentice' Finale, North Carolina's Amendment One, And More (AUDIO). \My fan base is very 'red state' typically,\u201d he said. \u201cI think a lot of people who are the most fervent supporters of mine
Submission. The next partner, who started this search of self-identity, asked \why\ during a work day near the end of the relationship
A Noted Psychiatrist Said Gay People Can Become Straight. Now He Says He's Wrong. Not Good Enough.. I think his apology, though welcome, is an evasion
Gay Marriage In France. Following Barack Obama's surprise public support for gay marriage, incoming French President Fran\u00e7ois Hollande may be poised
'A Mom's Hug Lasts Long After She Lets Go'. It was a brave step, I thought, for my mom. She didn't know how it would turn out. It was a chance she was willing to take. She knew she didn't have it wrong. She had always known. She had been happy to let me come out in my own time, but something encouraged her to make the first move.
On Mother's Day, The Proud Mother of a Gay Daughter Celebrates a Presidential Stand for Equality. When I learned of President Obama's support of same sex-marriage this week, my emotions ran amok -- surprise, hope, excitement, joy -- joy because the marriage of my daughter and daughter-in-law was recognized as a good thing by the highest office in the land.
Fight Against Gay 'Conversion Therapy' Gathers Momentum. David Pickup, who is registered with the California Board of Psychology, told the Associated Press that a ban would deprive
A Mothers' Day Gift. I've never before known a time when the man in the Oval Office openly supported the union my moms share. Perhaps it's a foolish sentiment buoyed by an impending Mother's Day -- or, in my case, Mothers' Day -- but I can't shake the feeling that it just got a little better.
This Mother's Day, Let's Tell the Boy Scouts of America That It's Time to Respect All Mothers. Last month, the Boy Scouts of America notified me that I would no longer be allowed to serve as leader of my son's Scouts troop, because I'm gay and pose a \distraction\ to the Scouts' core values. This Mother's Day, I have a message for the Boy Scouts
What Mother's Day Means to Our Family. On this Mother's Day we will honor our little family of three. We will celebrate our love, our commitment, and our journey as parents of an amazing child who inspires us to laugh, love, and enjoy and accept life's lessons.
Motherhood. Last year, on Mother's day, I found out I was pregnant. I can hardly believe it's been a year since that gleeful Mother's Day. Only a year later, and life is a completely different shade of tumbling.  I have become the mother of a rather scrumptious little girl.
A Look at What Happened on Amendment 1 in North Carolina. I spent much of the spring working on defeating anti-gay Amendment 1 in North Carolina. It's been my habit, after major wins or losses, to reflect on what went right and what went wrong, and offer some thoughts. Here are some of those along with some analysis.
Teaching Our Children Not to Follow Romney's Example. Our schools must help children learn tolerance and respect for one another, so that no child leaves school with the fear that they will be attacked for their differences, and no child grows up believing it's OK to marginalize or discriminate against others.
Gloves (Mittens?) Off. Rather than simply tease or pick on Lauber, Romney initiated the violent use of force against Lauber, attempting to ensure that Lauber appeared in a fashion acceptable to Romney.
Indiana Democratic Gubernatorial Candidate Favors Constitutional Amendment Banning Same-Sex Marriage. Flying in the face of the national trend in favor of same-sex marriage, Indiana Democratic gubernatorial candidate John Gregg announced his support of a proposed constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriages and civil unions.
This Mother's Day, Let's Stand Together to Protect Our LGBT Children. I am reaching out to other moms who might or might not accept of the fact that their son or daughter is gay.  Most of you do not know what it is like to receive a phone call like I got at 4:30 a.m. telling me that something had happened to my child.
Michelle. In those moments when my mom argued with other moms over the maternity of her children, I saw that no matter what I told her, no matter whom I became, she would always love me, and she would always fight for me. And she has done that.
From a Gay Son to His Conservative Mom. 
My Wonderful Mom, Belinda Carlisle. Mama, just know how much I love you and miss you when you're not around. You're the coolest. Happy Mother's Day to you, and to all the moms out there who are loving enough to support and stand by their children no matter what.
Reflections on Motherhood. I grapple with social forces that demonize me as ill-fit to be a mother because I'm transgender and have an unconventional family, just as they demonized my mom for being a single mother.
Mother's Day 2012. Of course, our moms are -- and have always been -- special. \I once heard the saying that a mother's relationship with her
A Fine Line. This Mother's Day? I'm going to let the kids celebrate their two dads and the \mommyness\ each of us has within. And they can wear whatever the hell they want to wear and do any dance they feel like doing, because that's the kind of mom I had as a kid -- and the kind of \mom\ I'd like to be!
Sometimes 'Mother's Day' Just Doesn't Fit. This year I don't think I am going to celebrate Mother's Day. Instead, I am going to celebrate a \Family Day\ with the one I have built and love.  And I am going to celebrate by thinking of all those times that those boys who made me a \mom\ have made me laugh and smile.
Of Mother's Day and Misogyny. An event recently occurred that I've yet to shake. Someone insinuated that I hate women, and although I'd never remotely thought that to be the case, as we approach Mother's Day I ironically find myself pondering how I feel about the opposite sex.
AfterEllen.com's Best Lesbian Week Ever. Each week we'll share some of the best tidbits on The Huffington Post in our new series, \Best Lesbian Week Ever.\ Here's who and what was on our raging gay radar this week.
Wendy Alfredsen, Colorado Lesbian Mother, Allowed To File Paternity Suit Against Ex-Partner Over Adopted Daughter. A Colorado-based lesbian mom is breaking new ground by becoming the first woman allowed to file a paternity suit in her state
Richard Grenell's Resignation Shows Mitt Romney's Unfit To Be President. The conservative evangelist took to his radio show once again, but this time, he argues that Mitt Romney is unfit to be U.S
Know Thine Enemy. Every weekend we bring you a round up of either the best LGBT moments from the week before -- our Something To Celebrate
Following a Legacy. As of yesterday, May 4, my friend Dominique Beaudry and I are walking from the International Civil Rights Museum in Greensboro to the State Capitol, a four-day journey of over 85 miles, wearing sandwich boards that encourage North Carolinians to vote against Amendment 1.
Episode 94. 
Chris Crocker Profiled In 'V' Magazine, Prepares For Debut Of 'Me At The Zoo' On HBO. However, Crocker insists that while he currently may be presenting as masculine, he hasn't divorced himself from his feminine
Kate Bornstein, Transgender Writer And Activist, Discusses Life In And Exit From The Church Of Scientology. The groundbreaking transgender writer, activist and performance artist Kate Bornstein, speaking about her experiences in
Jack Reese, Gay Utah Teen, Commits Suicide After Allegedly Being Subjected To Bullying In School. \Today, along with the leaders of PFLAG Ogden and the entire community, PFLAG National mourns the loss of Jack Reese as well
Martin McVeigh, Northern Irish Priest In Gay Porn Investigation, Requests Sabbatical Leave From Church. A Northern Irish priest who sparked a local uproar after accidentally displaying a series of X-rated gay photos to a group
Something To Celebrate. With so much hate continually aimed at the LGBT community, we like to take a moment every once in a while to highlight some
Dan Savage Speech Controversy. \Dan Savage should apologize for his comments and should apologize to the high school students in attendance whom he called
Boy Scouts Demand Moral and Sexual Straightness. It seems that the Boy Scouts of America (BSA) requires not merely moral straightness but sexual and gender straightness, as well, for no gay, bisexual, or transgender scouts (youth members) or scouters (adult leaders) have the right and privilege of membership in the organization.
The Part That Movies Play. When our LGBT youth watch television and movies, we want them to see characters they would be proud of, not tragic figures who are surrounded by negative circumstances. They deserve to see normal, everyday characters who happen to be gay.
Weeklings. 
I Have a Thing for Kooky Old Ladies. Little Edie Beale, fictional Norma Desmond, and Royce and Marilyn have unofficially been inducted into my Kooky Old Ladies Hall of Fame. They have that special something that appeals to LGBTQ people in particular. If you listen to the sounds of their souls, you will hear our common story.
Don't Act, Don't Tell. \If they smell gay on you, it's over!\ This was stingingly declared by my friend, a prominent casting director.  She referred to the flat rejection actors face at auditions when they \seem gay,\ whether the part is gay or straight, large or small, no matter how right they might otherwise be for it.
The Land of the Glee and the Home of the Depraved. On Fox News' The O'Reilly Factor, Bill O'Reilly recently worked himself and Gretchen Carlson into an absolute tizzy over an episode of Glee that featured a transgender teen. O'Reilly expressed his concern that Glee is glamorizing \alternative lifestyles.\
My Big Fat Sacred Gay Wedding. I share all this not because I want to say, \Look at me, I had a big old gay wedding,\ but because I had never truly realized how much our family and friends really love and support us, and how much America's anti-gay marriage zealots live in an alternative reality.
Jennifer Tyrrell, Boy Scouts Den Mother Ousted For Being A Lesbian. It was not until she began to question some financial improprieties that she says the national policy, which local chapters
Kenneth Weishuhn, Gay Iowa Teen, Suicide Inspires Anti-Bullying Vigil. On Friday evening, people from the community met on the corner of University Avenue and Main Street in Cedar Falls to mourn
Words. I was startled by an acquaintance's recent use of the word \tranny.\ This was not a close friend, not someone who knew my son's story. It was a misguided attempt at humor, not a hateful rant. And yet. I longed to find some way to tell her how painful this word is to so many people.
'Gender Confirmation Surgery'. Most if not all the other names used for the procedure suggest that a person is making a choice to switch genders. This is not about choice; it's about using surgery as one of the therapeutic tools to enable people to be comfortable with their gendered self.
Queeries. You don't want the first impression you create to be the reason you don't advance to the next level. You want to sell yourself without distraction, and without a hiring manager making a conscious (or unconscious) judgment about your professional skill set based on some ink.
AfterEllen.com's Best Lesbian Week Ever. Each week we'll share some of the best tidbits on The Huffington Post in our new series, \Best Lesbian Week Ever.\ Here's who and what was on our raging gay radar this week.
17 Of The Worst Anti-LGBT Moments Of The Week April 16 - April 21. Every weekend we bring you a round up of either the best LGBT moments from the week before -- our Something To Celebrate
Chris Evans On Gay Marriage. Actor Chris Evans is currently in the middle of a publicity blitz for the film \The Avengers,\ in which he reprises his role
Nepal's Sunil Pant Keeps His Country at the Forefront of LGBT Rights. There is not one single gay bar in Nepal. Yet this small country, which ranks near the bottom of the Human Development Index, emerges as a world leader in progressive laws supporting LGBT individuals. The man behind all of this is Sunil Pant.
'Bully' Question. \Daddy, I don't want to do recess anymore.\ Those are the words my then eight-year-old sheepishly uttered to me a year ago
Obama's Refusal To Sign Anti-Discrimination Executive Order Slammed By LGBT Activists. Listen to the interviews below
To Be a Gay Mom? To Be a Broadway Producer? No One Is Showing Me the Way. My mentors and role models have guided me to pursue work success as a measure of my life success, and I am grateful for that, but I am deeply saddened by the lack of mentorship and example that I have found for gay motherhood among professional women.
Queer To The Core. After the sexual free-for-all that was 1970s glam rock, the pendulum swung back. The 1980s alt-rock landscape was impossibly
Something To Celebrate. With so much hate continually aimed at the LGBT community, we like to take a moment every once in a while to highlight some
What Would Jesus Do?. The words \Jesus\ and \gay\ seem to be intertwining a lot lately. While the concept of the LGBT community and the life of Christ may be new to some, it's certainly something I'm very used to, having played a gay Jesus in the play Corpus Christi for the past six years.
Know Thine Enemy. Every weekend we bring you a round up of either the best LGBT moments from the week before -- our Something To Celebrate
Gloria Allred On Donald Trump And Transgender Miss Universe Controversy. \I don't have a magnifying glass strong enough to see something that small. The world does not revolve around his penis. We
'Desert Outlook,' New LGBT Magazine, Launched By 'The Desert Sun,' Features Dianne Feinstein And Hank Plante. Our friends at Towleroad report that the AP made it's decision based on this news reel
Making United in Anger. I began intensely editing United in Anger about three years ago and finished it at the end of 2011. What I have tried to convey is the urgency of people who, battling a deadly epidemic that threatened their lives, culture, and community, chose to fight back and remake the world.
Mount (Larry) Kramer Rumbles. In more than 25 years of reporting on AIDS, I have been honored to know many heroes of the AIDS epidemic. Not all of them have been as visible or vocal as Kramer and ACT UP, but the contributions they made, the prices they paid, the risks they took were just as real.
Bully Gets 'Girl'. The gender binary and its relationship to bullying may be an elusive and challenging concept for many, because it requires us to self-reflect, examine our own expectations, and perhaps even change some of them.  No one wants to feel he or she is part of the problem. But we are, all of us.
AfterEllen.com's Best Lesbian Week Ever. Each week we'll share some of the best tidbits on The Huffington Post in our new series, \Best Lesbian Week Ever.\ Here's who and what was on our raging gay radar this week.
Freedom To Marry's Gay Marriage Efforts Are 'Misplaced,' Says Courage Campaign's Adam Bink. Evan Wolfson, president of Freedom to Marry, defended the group\u2019s actions, appearing on my radio program on SiriusXM OutQ
Katie Forman, Ohio High School Student, Comes Out As Transgender. A few months ago, Katie Forman donned a simple brown skirt, a hoodie and some eye shadow and headed off to school. That wardrobe
Perez Hilton Reveals Weight Loss, Flaunts New Body At NewNowNext Awards. Of his decision to go barechested beneath his coat, he added, \That outfit was more than just about fashion for me. It was
Judy Garland. LAST Saturday I invited my friend Brodie, a 30ish gay man like myself, to a preview performance of \u201cEnd of the Rainbow,\u201d Peter
Kris Birch, British Man Who Claims Stroke Turned Him Gay, Speaks To BBC (VIDEO). In this BBC Three promo clip, Birch -- who was living with partner Jack Powell, 19, as of last year -- speaks frankly about
April Fools' Day 2012. From statements made by right-wing pundits to talk show gaffes by Hollywood celebrities, there never seems to be any shortage
Russia's 'Gay Propaganda' Crackdown. MOSCOW- Russian lawmakers introduced a bill this week that would punish \homosexual propaganda\ directed at minors. This
Something To Celebrate. With so much hate continually aimed at the LGBT community, we like to take a moment every once in a while to highlight some
Queer Celebrities Need Love, Too (Part 2). For this edition of \Queer Celebrities Need Love, Too,\ I reached out to Will Schwartz, Patty Schemel, Philip Tetro, Ian Harvie, Christopher G. Ciccone, PJ DeBoy, Daniel Nardicio, and Mario Diaz. They all weighed in on the same five questions.
Same-Sex Marriage Debate. But although the black pastor is also a vocal opponent of same-sex marriage, Martino is determined to never work with the
Evan Wolfson, Freedom To Marry President, Discusses NOM Memos, Marriage Equality Fight. \u201cI don\u2019t think North Carolina is being abandoned, certainly by Freedom to Marry or others,\u201d Wolfson said, appearing on my
20/20 Needs New Glasses. We know 20/20 has a mixed history on LGBT issues, but in this case, Chris Cuomo simply gave Ravi a free ride without any challenges to what seemed like a \too little too late\ set of rationalizations for his actions.
Know Thine Enemy. Every weekend we bring you a round up of either the best LGBT moments from the week before -- our Something To Celebrate
GLAAD 2012 New York City Media Awards Winners Announced. Awards were handed out in a number of categories including Outstanding Magazine Overall Coverage, won by The Advocate/Out
Translating Hate. In a span of 24 hours, about a hundred tweets took the \#ToMyUnbornChild\ message and turned into anti-gay vitriol so heinous I couldn't stomach it. I became determined to take back these words of hate, so I began cutting and pasting words from the tweets to create poems.
Trayvon Martin's Death. What happened to Trayvon Martin is gay news. I am a gay man, and it affects my life. Moreover, as LGBT people, we have to be aware that Trayvon is not one isolated case but a continuation of a death narrative that both black and gay people suffer from and should work to overcome together.
'Testimony,' Musical 'It Gets Better' Anthem Performed By San Francisco Gay Men's Chorus, Goes Viral. \It gets more than better -- it gets amazing and astounding!\ That's just one of the many poignant lines -- not to the overriding
Top 20 Sexiest Male Musicians Of All Time. Physical appearance actually has little to do with sexiness. Sure, we've all been known to stare at a shirtless dude, but
Mel Wymore, Transgender Man, Runs For New York City Council. These are just a few of the subjects that Mel Wymore, a candidate for City Council on the Upper West Side, brought up in
Scott Heggart, Gay Canadian Jock, Documented Coming Out Process In Poignant YouTube Series (VIDEOS). The story has also been picked up by Towleroad, the Montreal Gazette, the National Post and other publications. Though he
Bayard Rustin. One hundred years ago today, an unsung hero of the civil rights movement was born. Bayard Rustin's contributions to the world far outweighed his credits -- and his 100th birthday is an opportunity to appreciate how his lifelong fights for equality live on today.
Bayard Rustin. March 17, 2012
Something To Celebrate. Once again it's time to take a look back at what happened in the world of LGBT news this week. Since we featured a round
Al Fischer, Gay Music Teacher Fired From Catholic School, Marries Partner In New York. The gay Catholic school music teacher who was fired after revealing plans to wed his male partner has tied the knot in New
Shawn Loftis, Former Gay Porn Star, Allowed To Teach After Being Fired For X-Rated Past. A Florida-based teacher who was fired after his past work as a gay adult film star was revealed will be allowed to return
The LikeMe Lighthouse. I'm at 27,000 feet, flying high to Kansas City, the city where I was born, for the grand opening of a brand new center for LGBT people called the LikeMe Lighthouse. I want to talk about why it's so important that Kansas City and other towns like it have a brick-and-mortar LGBT center.
President Obama. The ACLU views this executive order as the single most important step that President Obama could take this year to eradicate anti-LGBT discrimination from American workplaces. The chorus of voices calling for this executive order grows louder each day.
Know Thine Enemy. It's the weekend and that means it's time for one of our two weekly round ups
Episode 90. 
Kirk Cameron Slams Homosexuality On Piers Morgan. Writes \Scrubs\ and \Garden State\ actor-director Zach Braff
George Takei Vows Gay Marriage Talk With Donald Trump. George Takei is hoping his current stint on \Celebrity Apprentice\ will help him achieve an even loftier goal
Stop Blaming Dharun Ravi. Rallying to punish Dharun Ravi does not do justice to Tyler Clementi's life, nor does it move us one step closer to preventing another young person from turning to suicide. The politics of blame are a dead end. Instead, we need to build out an ethos of shared responsibility.
Something To Celebrate. Each weekend we bring you a round up of either the worst LGBT moments of the previous week in our \Know Thine Enemy\ feature
Kirk Cameron Tells Piers Morgan Homosexuality Is 'Unnatural,' 'Ultimately Destructive'. Check out what celebrities and \Growing Pains\ fans thought of Cameron's remarks below
Director Elliot London. At first glance, filmmaker Elliot London appears to be a strikingly handsome, charismatic young man living his dream of living
Know Thine Enemy. Here at HuffPost Gay Voices we believe that what you don't know definitely can hurt you. That's why every other weekend we're
Fez Whatley, SiriusXM Radio Host, Comes Out As Gay On Air On Ron & Fez Show. Below, see other notable figures and celebrities who have come out of the closet. Listen to the audio clip of Chris talking
Egg, Banana, and Coconut. I like to think that there exists a global community of gay men and women who, in the face of discrimination and prejudice, all love and respect each other regardless of skin color. Yeah, right!
True LGBTQ Stories. 
Sometimes It Takes Three to Tango. In the comments on a recent piece of mine, a woman wrote that she is polyamorous -- she is living with, in love with, deeply committed to, and basically in all ways but legally married to a man and a woman. I asked if she would be willing to let me interview her.
The Man from Lincoln, Part 4. It was April 2010, and I was on my way to New Orleans for the Southern Republican Leadership Conference. Fred was planning to hold a press conference at the host hotel to announce his \seriously considering\ intentions of running for president as an openly gay candidate.
Porn Flicks or Virtual Coliseum? Risking Actors' Lives for Sport. By the middle of the past decade, an increasing number of gay erotica producers were not only making \bareback\ movies, but they felt no responsibility whatsoever to their actors -- or their audience.
'It Gets Better' on Cable, with Commercials. Earlier this month, when MTV and Logo began airing commercials for the \It Gets Better\ special, I was worried about the transition of the YouTube phenomenon to cable TV.  After watching the special, which debuted Feb. 21 on both channels, I am surprised and moved.
It's Hard Not to Feel Free with Olivia Travel. There's also some good work being done. Massive amounts of donations for the Roat\u00e1n Children's Fund were collected, and some
Starting Something New. There's a tremendous amount of pressure to not be anything like the last person she dated, because that person was crazy. Oddly enough, you can never actually verbalize that you're not crazy, because the more you say it, the crazier you seem. Don't ever say you're not a nut.
Chris Christie's Gay Marriage Veto. Governor Christie's veto only delayed the day and time when we finally establish marriage equality in the Garden State -- because it is going to happen in New Jersey, and we are going to override his veto.
The Quest For A Truthful Life. Shannon Hames rarely betrays emotion as she discusses the painful events that transformed her life, virtually in a flash
Westboro Baptist Church Bails On Whitney Houston's Funeral But Tweets Photoshopped Image Of Protest Instead. It is unclear why Westboro would have taken such an issue with Houston, who was known as a devout Christian and began her
Jazz FM Radio Station Apologizes After Airing Gay Porn Soundtrack. A U.K.-based radio station's programmers are understandably red-faced after they inadvertently aired five minutes of a gay
'Real Men Get Raped' Campaign Comes To London Tube Stations. The National Center For Victims Of Crime reports that about three percent of men in the U.S. -- a total of close to three
Destinie Mogg-Barkalow, Bridgewater State University Student, Allegedly Attacked For Gay Marriage Editorial. As the Patriot Ledger is reporting, Destinie Mogg-Barkalow was allegedly approached by a man and a woman who appeared to
We Can't Wait. At Freedom to Work we're pushing hard for President Obama to sign the ENDA executive order, along with HRC and many other organizations. So I was disappointed when I read the comments former HRC head Elizabeth Birch made to reporter Chris Geidner from Metro Weekly.
The Best And Worst LGBT Stories Of The Week, February 12 - 19. Each weekend we offer you a collection of either the best LGBT stories of the week in our \Something To Celebrate\ slideshow
Iron Man. Alex Morse has a slick of red hair, crisp blue eyes, and a complexion the color of vanilla H\u00e4agen-Dazs. The hair is inherited
Fighting Uganda's Anti-Homosexuality Laws... with a Pen. She wasn't arrested. Still, Ugandan writer Judy Adong knew the risks when she organized a recent reading of her play, Just You, Me, and the Silence, about her country's anti-homosexuality laws.
Paul Babeu, Arizona Sheriff, Allegedly Threatened Gay Mexican Ex-Lover With Deportation (VIDEO). The Phoenix New Times is reporting that Pinal County Sheriff Paul Babeu, who has become one of the faces of the anti-illegal
Romance And Dating. On one very ironic Valentine's Day in 1971, my father married my mother, knowing she was in love with another. Growing up
Attention, GOP Candidates. I'm marrying the love of my life, and unlike New Gingrich, Rush Limbaugh, Ronald Reagan, and Bob Barr, the author of the Defense of Marriage Act, when I say \I do,\ I'll mean it. If we're talking family values, I'm ahead.
Cleo Manago. To some in the LGBTQ community, Cleo Manago is a dangerous demagogue. But to tens of thousands African-American brothers and generous funders, he's seen as a brother driven with a dream. And he's perhaps dangerous because he's effecting change.
It's Time. Telling a few loved ones that I'm gay has been interesting, but most people who know me are learning this for the first time as they read this piece. Aug. 31, 2010 was a first step. On that day I received the craziest response
I'll Always Love Whitney. On such a sad day of tragedy, I feel like a part of my identity has died.  I am by no-means a Whitney superfan, but I realize her influence on me and a larger group I associate with.
CPAC 2012. As Washington State becomes the 7th State to bring equality to marriage -- and through a legislative action rather than court
Ellen DeGeneres' JCPenney Partnership Scandal Inspires 'Gay Day' Flashmob In New York. As for DeGeneres, she took to her talk show earlier this week to address the controversy, thanking her supporters. \Here
Prop 8. When politicians attack Perry or any judicial decision that doesn't accord with their own views, claiming those decisions are the product of \rogue\ judges, they reveal a frightening misunderstanding of the American legal system.
Marriage Equality Progress Must Continue. I am incredibly proud to congratulate Washington State Representative Pedersen and Senator Murray on the day Governor Gregoire signed the bill into law, and welcome them into the next stage of the fight for marriage equality.
Why I Love Howard Stern and You Should, Too!. I'm always surprised by the reaction I get when people find this out about me, especially from my fellow gays. While most of them have never even heard the show, they insist that Howard is anti-gay. I have found the exact opposite to be true.
10 Surprising Facts About Heterosexuality. Not only does the history of heterosexuality offer up surprises that make you rethink what \heterosexual\ is and means, it also makes you realize how little we really know about this thing about which most of us assume we already know everything we need to.
Jerry Sanders, San Diego Mayor, Fights For Marriage Equality. In light of this week\u2019s decision by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals to uphold a lower court\u2019s ruling that Proposition
Something To Celebrate. In our bi-monthly series Something To Celebrate we take a look at the biggest and best LGBT moments of the week. Something
Know Thine Enemy. Here at HuffPost Gay Voices we believe that what you don't know definitely can hurt you. So, in the interest of keeping ourselves
Facing Deportation To Uganda, Joseph Bukombe Is Hopeful About The Future. SAN DIEGO -- Hiding in plain sight on one of San Diego's busiest streets is a tiny restaurant called Flavors of East Africa
Temmie Breslauer, Transgender Woman Arrested By New York Police Department, Alleges Mistreatment. In October, transgender writer, activist, and HuffPost Gay Voices blogger Justin Adkins was arrested for participating in
Why Visibility Matters. Reading through the comments on Megan Evans' piece, \Femme Invisibility,\ I was struck by some that seemed downright angry that we should want or dare think we deserve to be recognized as lesbians.
Zach Huston, Victim of Brutal Ohio School Bullying, Tells His Story (VIDEO). 
North Carolina's Civil Rights Community Leads the March Against Amendment One. It's no coincidence that Equality NC and NAACP-NC are now standing side by side in the Coalition to Protect All North Carolina Families, the state campaign to defeat Amendment One in May and turn the tide on LGBT discrimination in the South and beyond.
Madonna On 'W.E.,' Super Bowl XLVI, Strong Women And Motherhood. And as long as she continues telling them, we'll be listening. Watching the film, it is easy to see why Madonna would sympathize
Randy Phillips, Gay U.S. Airman, On Why He Came Out On YouTube. When Randy Phillips uploaded his first video to YouTube, he knew it would change his life forever--he just didn't know if
Anoka, Minnesota's War On Gay Teens. Every morning, Brittany Geldert stepped off the bus and bolted through the double doors of Fred Moore Middle School, her
Eric James Borges' Suicide Note, Memorial Service Sheds New Insight Into Bullied Gay Teen's Life. Need help? Visit The Trevor Project's website or call them at 1-866-488-7386. In the U.S. you can also call 1-800-273-8255
Ban Ki-Moon, U.N. Secretary General. Ban's comments are considered especially groundbreaking in Africa, where homosexuality is outlawed in most countries, including
Femme Invisibility. If asked to think of a lesbian, most people's thoughts drift to the stereotypical image of a butch lesbian. It may come as a surprise to some that this is not the only type of lesbian that exists, oh no -- there are some who are \femmes.\
Gay Divorce. One of the many unjust results of a state legal system that refuses to recognize and validate a same-sex marriage or civil union is the absence of a binding structure and system for dissolving a fractured same-sex couple.
Episode 87. On this episode of The Six Pack, we hit up the biggest car show around, the North American International Auto Show in Detroit.
Something To Celebrate. Every other week we'll take a look at a few of the most exciting and inspirational stories from the previous week or two
Chris Gregoire, Washington State Governor, Discusses Gay Marriage, Chris Christie, And More. Regarding her own journey Gregoire said
Glenn Close On 'Albert Nobbs', Gender Bending And 'Damages'. Twenty-four hours before the Golden Globes ceremony, for which she's been nominated as Best Actress in a Motion Picture Drama
